	target_text	input_text	prefix
154514	my th birthday in  ,  rich told me that he did n't wanted to be married anymore because he was unhappy so he moved out  .  it was completely devastating to me and to our poor year old daughter  .  i will never get that picture out of my head  .  lillianna was sitting on rich 's lap and she held his face in her hands and cried  ,   "  why daddy  ?   .  .  .   .  why  ?   ?   "  that memory still makes me sick  .  all marriages have their ups and downs  .  i do n't know anyone with a fairytale marriage  .  so imagine my surprise when lillianna and i came home after a fun dinner at her favorite chinese restaurant and we saw rich 's car in the lot  .  he was supposed to be at his night job until pm  .  the first thing i noticed was that the end of the table where rich paints his soldiers was empty  .  i asked him why he put his stuff away  .  he gave a vague answer but i had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach  .  finally he said he was moving out  .  just like that  .  .  .  he was n't happy and he was leaving  .  when he moved	rich year head rich held home rich car night pm end rich put	expand
164204	d however call his dad who 's a cabbie to come and pick me up and proceed to cry at him and tell him what i thought of the situation  .  .  .  not good  .  so yesterday morning i woke up and felt appalling like it had really hit me  .  and then today  -  i felt better  !  fickle old me  .  but seriously  ,  it hurts to think and wonder and cry so i am back to blocking out  ,  lovely  ,  lovely la - la la  .  and today i booked ibiza  .  weeks ago i was planning sunday roasts and cleaning for him and now in weeks time eeek i 'll be off for the weekend to ibiza  .  we arrive in the middle of a thursday night and are going straight out clubbing till the morning  ,  rock n roll  !  am excited  ,  scared myself a little by watching you tube footage of skinny - beautifuls partying in their bikini 's  .  am not eating between now and then  .  this is a joke  -  i love food  ,  yum yum so life is ok i reckon  ,  aside from ex - nastiness and pain  .  blocking out  ,  blocking out  .  .  .  have lots of things to look forward to and of cours	call good today back today weeks weeks time love food life things	expand
163530	lly jealous of this other girl that used to like me  .  kels i keep telling her that it 's not like that between us  ,  but she insists on competing against her  .  she got mad and said kels keeps giving her faces when she was n't so real loud when kels was nearby  ,  lexi said 'i love you  !   !  ' to me  .  i ignored her cuz i hate when people are like that  .  she 's really sweet  .  i love her to death  ,  but when you get kels  ,  lexi  ,  and me together  ,  it 's a nightmare  !  she also mentioned wanting to end things with her gf  .  today  ,  she told me about a dream she had  .  .  .  she said that her gf was in the hospital and i was with her lexi in the waiting room with her  .  then she asked if i 'd really do that even though i do n't like her gf  .  and i said yeah  ,  even though i do n't like her  ,  i 'd visit to make sure she was ok  .  then she said  "  really  ?  ok well it was a good dream then cuz next  .  .  .   "  then she just smiled and said nevermind  .  later she said she wanted to try to get off early so	real love people love end things today visit make good early	expand
160814	to head to the mall  .  the girls wanted to see mama mia so we hit an am show  .  it was very  ,  very abbatastic  .  it was okay  ,  not fantastic  ,  but not horrible either  .  about minutes from the end  ,  got a call on her cell  ,  which she answered i could have killed her  .  i heard her pick it up and whisper can i call you when the movie is over  ?   ,  then she hung it up  ,  looked at me and said it 's my dad  ,  and he 's crying  .  i need to go call him  .  she walked out of the theater and was gone for a few minutes  .  i heard her coming back from outside the theater before i saw her  .  she was absolutely wracked with sobs  .  she crawled over my lap and wailed my aunt just passed away  !   !   .  the terrorists arm 's immediately shot up and pulled into a comforting hug and cried along with her  .  i told the girls that we could just leave since the movie was just about over anyway  .  we headed out  ,  stopped in the girls room and headed back out to my car  .  from what i can figure out  , 	head girls show minutes end call heard call call minutes heard back girls girls room back car	expand
160399	he eventually calmed down a bit but you could tell that he had hurt his arm somehow  .  he kept holding onto it with his other hand and held it really still and close to his body  .  and probably the most telling thing that something was wrong was that he just sat there on the sofa  .  now hoonie never just sits there  .  oh  ,  he might sit somewhere and spit juice out of his mouth or he might sit somewhere else while banging our fine ikea  ,  ha  !  furniture with his wood hammer  .  .  .  but he never just  "  sits  "  there  ,  kwim  !   ;  and being that it was has naptime  ,  he eventually started to fall asleep  .  sitting upright  .  with his arm bent  ,  and supported by his other hand  ,  and held close to his body  .  he was a sorry sight to see  !  meanwhile  ,  jack and i were wondering what to do  .  er or immediate care  ?  immediate care or er  ?  we eventually settled on the er  .  so we quickly got dressed  ,  scooped him up  ,  buckled him in he cried just a little and drove up the hill to the hospital  .  now	bit hand held close body thing fine started hand held close body care care hospital	expand
170164	up this morning to the sound of my name being called out  .  i could have sworn it was my mom 's voice  .  but when i got out of bed i realized that it was am  ,  my mom was at work  ,  and my dad was out at loews  .  the only living beings in my house were my two beagles and my mom 's birds  .  i do n't know if i dreamt this voice or what  .  i feel like i was half awake when i heard it  .  but how could that be possible to hear sound if i was only half awake  .  if i was in rem sleep would n't i have been able to hear in my dreams better  ?  i wish i knew how this stuff worked  .  all i know is that every night dmt is pumped through our brains from the pineal gland to help us dream and trip balls so we do n't go insane while we sleep  .  am i able to hear sound if i 'm not in heavy rem sleep  ?  maybe i was in rem sleep  .  but right after i heard the voice i woke up  .  scared a little  .  the voice sounded annoyed  .  like i did something really bad  .  	sound called voice work living house voice feel half hear sound half hear night hear sound voice voice	expand
163916	tablespoon lemon juice what to do  .  beat in the egg yolks with the rest of the sugar until thick and pale yellow  .   .  bring the milk to a low simmer  .   .  beat the milk into the eggs and sugar in a slow stream  .   .  pour the mixture back into the pan and place over low heat  .   .  stir continuously until the custard thickens slightly around  - c and just coats the back of a spoon  .  dont over - heat  ,  though  ,  because at around c you will scramble the eggs  !   .  immediately remove from the heat  .   .  add the lemon curd to the warm custard  ,  stirring until it is dissolved  .   .  add the lemon zest  .   .  cover the custard with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cool overnight  .   .  strain the lemon zest from the cool custard unless you like it in there  .   .  whip the cream until it has doubled in volume you should have soft peaks  -  dont over - whip  .   .  fold the cream gently stir into the custard  .   .  add the lemon juice  .   .  freeze using a domestic ice cream machine	rest bring low back place low heat back heat heat add add cover cream cream add cream machine	expand
166360	just started feeling wrong  ,  whatever i said  ,  spoiled and entitled and stupid and boring and white and incapable of understanding anything outside of my suffocating sub - suburban bubble  .  whee  !  jack and i had a giant fight the other night  ,  a real  "  fuck you  !   "   "  fuck me  ?  no  ,  fuck you  !   "  extravaganza  .  it certainly made jackson stand up a little straighter  .  he was in the shower for the worst of it  ,  actually  ,  and when it was over and i was cuddled up in bed reading a book with him  ,  jack walked in  -  -  you could tell he still had his back up but was wholly reasonable once again  -  -  and said  ,   "  jackson  ,  do you know why i yelled at mommy like that  ?  because i love her  .   "  i laughed  ,  and later jackson and i were able to have a good talk about how you can fight with someone and still be friends  .   "  but why did n't you cry  ?   "  he asked me  .  this was an astonishing echo from my past  ,  as my grandmother marriott asked my mom the exact same thing  .  generations of marriott men have been	real made reading book back love good asked past asked men	expand
161362	a and walked out the door  .  the old woman watched the car pull out of the driveway  ,  and then sat back in her chair  .  she picked up the photograph on the stand next to her  .  it was of a tall young man  ,  with wavy black hair and kind black eyes  .  she was suddenly in tears  .  oh edward  ,  my edward  !  she sobbed  ,  pressing the picture to her heart  .  suddenly she heard a voice in her ear  ,  jane  .  she started  ,  it sounded just like edward  .  edward  ?  she said  ,  sitting up in her chair  .  its time  .  she blinked and there was her edward  ,  standing in front of her  ,  holding out his hand  .  jane stood up and hesitantly touched it  .  it was solid as a hand can be  .  oh edward  ,  am i dreaming  ?  you look just like the day we met  .  edward smiled  ,  his black eyes gazing sadly at her  ,  he was soon joined by a young brunette woman  ,  with the same sad  ,  black  ,  eyes  .  helen  ?  said jane rubbing her eyes no  ,  it cant be  !  i really must be dreaming  ,  or gone crazy  .  no mother	car back young man black black eyes edward edward edward edward time edward hand hand edward day edward black eyes young black eyes eyes	expand
160311	and it worked fine  ,  even though they were not very thick  .  i just had to be careful when frying and flipping them over  .  cinnamon french toast thick slices white bread  ,  crusts removed egg tablespoon sugar i used vanilla scented sugar teaspoon ground cinnamon cup ml milk butter  ,  for frying extra sugar  ,  for sprinkling g plain yogurt  ,  to serve fresh seasonal fruit  ,  to serve ml maple syrup  ,  to serve i used honey toasted pecans  ,  to serve cut each slice of bread in half to make rectangles  .  beat the egg  ,  sugar and cinnamon in a bowl  ,  then add the milk and combine well  .  melt tablespoon butter in a frying pan i used non - stick  -  over medium heat  .  dip the bread into the milk mixture  ,  covering both sides  .  sprinkle one side of each piece of bread with sugar and gently fry  ,  sugar - side down  ,  for minutes  ,  or until the undersides are golden  .  sprinkle the tops with a little sugar and flip over  .  cook until golden  .  serve with yogurt  ,  fresh fruit  ,  m	worked white sugar sugar ground sugar serve serve serve serve half make sugar add side sugar sugar side minutes sugar serve	expand
165879	rofit of  .  billion  ,  or cents a share for the year - earlier period  .  revenue was  .  billion  ,  up from  .  billion a year ago  .  adjusted income was cents a share  .  analysts had expected the networking giant to report earnings of cents a share on revenue of  .  billion  ,  according to a survey by factset research  .  computer sciences corp .  csc computer sciences corporation csc  .   ,   .   ,   .  reported its first - quarter net income rose to  .  million  ,  or cents a share  ,  from  .  million  ,  or cents a share  ,  a year ago  .  revenue increased to  .  billion from  .  billion a year earlier  .  analysts surveyed by factset research had forecast computer sciences to earn cents a share on  .  billion in sales  .  the company expects revenue to come in between  .  billion to  .  billion and earnings of cents to cents a share in the second quarter  .  wall street is predicting the company will earn cents a share on revenue of  .  billion in	billion share year revenue billion billion year share report share revenue billion research computer computer million share million share year revenue billion billion year research computer share billion company revenue billion billion share street company share revenue billion	expand
156891	 ,  and two claimed that he was still there  .  so true rofl wife 's diary sunday night  -  i thought he was acting weird  .  we had made plans to meet at a cafe to have some coffee  .  i was shopping with my friends all day long  ,  so i thought he was upset at the fact that i was a bit late  ,  but he made no comment  .  conversation was n't flowing so i suggested that we go somewhere quiet so we could talk  ,  he agreed but his mind was far away  .  i asked him what was wrong  -  he said  ,  nothing  .  i asked him if it was my fault that he was upset  .  he said it had nothing to do with me and not to worry  .  on the way home i told him that i loved him  ,  he simply smiled and kept driving  .  i ca n't explain his behavior  ;  i do n't know why he did n't say  ,  i love u  ,  too  .  when we got home i felt as if i had lost him  ,  as if he wanted nothing to do with me anymore  .  he just sat there and watched tv  ;  he seemed distant and absent  .  finally i decided to go to bed  .  about minutes later he came to bed  .  i d	thought made meet day long thought fact made asked asked home love home minutes	expand
159839	s ex  .  but id give anything in the world just to turn back to that one moment i looked in his eyes and told him i loved him  ,  that moment i gave him that hug and never had let go  ,  that first kiss  .  .  .  how he called me short and kissed me  ,  he changed my hole life  ,  he dont know anything that im feeling  .  .  .  and he asked me to go to camp and he said i kno who u like  .  and i said okay who and he said me  .  .  .   .  i said yeahh  .  .  .  right there i wanted to say i love you  .  .  .  he said go to camp  ,  i want to see you  ,  so we can talk like friends do  .  .  .  i want to be his baby again .   .  i want to be the one that he talks to every night the one that he hugs the one that he calls his own little model  ,  his shortie  .  .  .   .   .  i just need help getting through this or getting him back  .  and if i do go to camp  .  ill dress pretty and maybe be his so called model of his  ,  i just love him  .  i cant have the love of my life get pulled out of my arms to another girl  .  .  .  help me his the love of my life that im loosei	give world turn back called short life love night model back called model love love life love life	expand
163100	f fun  .  my friend johan think that was quite stupid  ,  to bbq in the rain  ,  but i dont really agree with him  .  as long you have fun  ,  why not go for it i say  ?  atm i am on the phone with johan so writing comes a bit hard to me and i keep writing the wrong words  .  im quite worried about next week  .  to go on a trip to austria so suddenly  ?  that aint really like me but my sister really want me to go with her .   .  so i prolly will  .  but still  ,  it kinda comes suddenly  .  hmm .   .  and money .   .  i have none  .  the dog kinda ran away from me  ,  and my sister  ,  after some hares  .  .  .  and she kinda rushed into a bush and got herself quite a few wounds .   .  ouch .   .  all red and stuff  .  i feel sad for her even tho she did run off .   .  i will continue this tomorrow sense its late and i have to go to sleep soon  .  early day tomorrow with lotsa things to do  .  meeting marie and johan at different hours  .  not to mention going to the bank and to the vet  .  and cleaning  !  laundry  !  ugh too much  !  but  ,  im happy w	long writing writing week money run early day things meeting hours	expand
159210	ung  ,  you should rule the world instead of laying on the bed ok  ,  i do n't miss that time in the afternoon i visited my years old grandma she 's so cute with those big blue eyes  .  she asked me  ,  as usual  ,  why i 'm not going to come back to italy she probably does n't stand my mom crying anymore and she told me again about her brothers and sisters spread around europe  .  one of them was a barba when he left italy it was such a long time i did n't hear this word that in her dialect means single  ,  while in italian means beard  .  a bit later as planned  ,  i went back home and stefano was already waiting for me we had a nice afternoon together speaking about lot of different things in the evening i visited my brother and i finally saw my nephew  ,  lorenzo  ,  after almost years  .  but the biggest surprise was at midnight  !  no  ,  it was not santa claus with his reindeer jean - franois called me at the phone it was so nice to hear again his friendly voice 	world time years back left long time means means back home things years called	expand
162131	after being stuck in cleveland for more than four hours  ,  i finally got home last night around  .  i was tired and went almost immediately to bed  .  then it thunderstormed  .  and keesha has some storm issues and kept me up for a long time  .  then harper got up and wound up in bed with me  .  she does n't so much like thunderstorms either  .  we got up around and made our way downstairs  .  by  ,  i was starting to worry that cole had called for us and i had n't heard him  ,  so i went to check on him  .  harper woke up and went right back into our regular routine without so much as a hey  ,  you 're back  !  when i walked into cole 's room  ,  he opened his eyes  ,  saw me  ,  and yelled  ,  mommy  !  he was really happy to see me and hugged and hugged me  .  i find this amusing because harper is usually such a mommy 's girl  .  but cole  ,  he really missed me  .  it was great to hug them this morning  ,  but now i am t - i - r - e - d  .  	home issues long time made called back back room find great	expand
166558	mmer .   .  graduation i 'm sure she counted this as going out with my friends grad nite ayana 's grad party anime expo let 's wait a bit .   .  the bike ride with robert starbucks and jamila  ,  julian  ,  and scott last week andrew 's birthday dinner on monday night yeah  ,  i can totally see that i 've gone out with my friends waayyy too fuckin much this summer .   .  pft  .  eleven out of nearly sixty days .   .  more like six and a half days  ,  you know  ,  cause most of them only lasted three hours .   .  and since i asked her before i got in the shower  ,  i had to take another cold shower .   .  all i did was ask her  .  all she had to do was say yes or no  ,  and she bitched at me like i was a fuckin troublemaker asking her for everything .   .  and you know what  ?  i do n't give a fuck if any of our shit is stolen .   .  be paranoid all you want  .  it 's not gonna help you  .  it just pisses me off .   .  honestly  ,  i do n't give a fuck if we 've got people trying to break into our house  .  if you 're so fuckin afraid that they	friends party week night friends days half days hours give give people house	expand
162803	to treat people  .  i do n't really remember my dad spanking me as a kid  .  but i remember this  .  i remember  ,  too  ,  coming home from a church activity that evening  ,  frazzled and upset  ,  and telling my mother that one of the girls on my kickball team called me a bitch  .  i went to bed while the sun was still up  .  and  ,  while the sun was still up  ,  i was dragged back out of bed and into the living room where an innocent thirteen year old girl was waiting to apologize for hurting my feelings  .  i confessed  ,  bawled  ,  and went back to my room  .  later  ,  my mom came in  ,  sat down next to me on the daybed and asked me why i 'd lied  .  i told her i did n't know  ;  let her assign it to general preteen angst  .  but i knew  .  all i 'd wanted was for her to be sorry that someone had called me such an awful thing  -  without telling her it was my dad who 'd said it  .  if i told her  ,  they would fight again  .  dad would punch something or hold onto the banister and yell until mom left to drive around the neigh	people remember remember remember home church team called back room year back room general called	expand
162494	g him  .  for an orthodox knowledge is relational reality  ,  because the knowledge is in relation and for relation with god  .  only in relationship with god we can know who he is  ,  as only loving someone you know  ,  you understand him  .  and for mountain  ,  in relation with god  ,  st .  apostles see how he is filled of uncreated light  ,  as he springs eternal light of the holy trinity  .  they saw his glory because they have been with him and because he wanted to strengthen them for his crucification that would be done  .  st .  elias and st .  moses are with him in his glory and st .  apostles are also in the uncreated light of trinity  .  why and saints from heaven and on earth are in the same place and everyone looks to him  ?  because god wanted us to say that the saints in heaven and on earth are all of his concern and that all to him to be alive  .  they look to him because he is life of the world  .  who is not looking to god does not have a full view of heart  ,  that 's a man deeply in sin  .  but who wants t	knowledge knowledge god god god st light light st st st light place god life world god full view man	expand
159461	crazy birthday sex  .  happy fucking birthday to me  ,  right  ?  so this cunt does n't call to even say that he is n't showing up  ;  i 'd be fine with that  ,  at least i would fuckin ' know you 're not going so i wo n't look like a total douche waiting for you i 'm frustrated that i feel pissed off about this little shit ditching me on my birthday  ,  he has n't done anything for me  .  he was a pretty good kisser  ,  nice to talk to  ,  interestingintelligent  .  i think what 's bothering me is the following we were supposed to meet up after pitchfork  ,  but he somehow went the wrong way and ended up somewhere in the south side  .  at that time  ,  he called to say he was sorry and felt like shit for standing me up  .  i do n't understand  ,  he feels bad for ditching after pitchfork festivities  ,  but does n't even say anything about my fucking birthday  ?  eh well  ,  as for my birthday  ,  i was pissed and the more i drank  ,  the more i got pissed and cursed him under my breath  .  needless to say  ,  i wanted to f	call total feel good meet south side time called understand	expand
159658	ng  !  first off the song now playing is my new favorite to blast tessa out of bed with  .  .  .   .  .  .  works well i must say  .  grin last night my friend and her husband came and too me to see the mummy tome of the dragon emperor  .  it was enjoyable  .  .  .   .   .  i had one boy yesterday and i still have him this morning  ,  his mother had to work until in the morning and i just did n't want to be woken up at that unholy hour  ,  so i said he could stay the night  .  .  .   .  .  .   .   .  anyway  .  my friends wanted to go to the movie so tessa said she 'd watch him for me  .  .  .   .  .  .   .  well until she found out what movie we were going to  .  .  .   .  then she pouted  ,  but she still watched him  .  for a price honestly i think it would have been easier and cheaper if i just took tessa and the boy with us  .  .  .   .  .  .   .  we were gone for and half hours and the boy cried for the whole time and peed on both my couches  !  so i ended up staying up very late cleaning slip covers and couch cushions  .  .  .   .  .  .  arrrrg  !  then add in that i	works night morning work morning night found price half hours time add	expand
163829	s  ,  repeat the technique until all the batter has been used up  .  bake for  -  minutes  ,  until the cake is light gold and a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean  .  let the cake cool in the pan for  -  minutes  ,  then turn out the cake and remove the parchment paper  .  reinvert on to a wire rack and let cool before slicing  .  clip source bakingbites  .  com large eggs cup sugar cup milk low fat is fine cup vegetable oil tsp vanilla extract tsp almond extract cups all purpose flour tbsp baking powder tsp salt tbsp cocoa powder preheat oven to f  .  line a  - inch round cake pan with a circle of parchment paper and lightly grease the bottom and sides of the pan  .  in a large bowl  ,  mix together eggs and sugar until mixture is light and creamy and the sugar has mostly been dissolved  .  stir in milk  ,  vegetable oil  ,  vanilla and almond extracts  .  in a medium bowl  ,  whisk together flour  ,  baking powder and salt  .  pour into wet ingredients a	minutes light minutes turn paper source large cup cup low cup oil line paper large light oil	expand
159273	aunt alone as well but  ,  in my six year - old world  ,  this was all that existed between them all of us grandparents  ,  parents  ,  aunt  ,  brother  ,  two dogs  ,  a cat and me and tea  .  he learned a few words of our language  ,  which never failed to get some laughs  .  i remember him as very tanned  ,  with sweet eyes  ,  very white teeth  ,  and a moustache  .  that 's right  .  i have n't liked a moustached man ever since but  ,  on him  ,  somehow it was n't at all offensive  .  my aunt and mum seemed to agree  .  he knew i had a crush on him  ,  of course  .  after all  ,  at the age of six  ,  how subtle can you be  ?  he took it in his stride  ;  always gave me friendly smiles and wiggled his moustache when he kissed my cheek  .  i do n't know whether my aunt found it entertaining or annoying  .  i do remember once  ,  at dinner in a restaurant  ,  she tried to hook me up with a boyfriend ' of my own  .  a friend of his similar tan and white teeth  ,  and enormously tall to a little girl like me  .  but he just did n't do it for	year world parents words language remember white man age found remember white	expand
156256	e bloke  "  he then turned to the guy and said  "  you are you 're a handsome bloke  "   .  he turned back to me  "  he is is n't he  ?   "   .  oh jesus please shut up and continue to suck your lollipop and leave us in peace  ,  i thought  .   "  he 's alright  "   ,  i replied  .  he then got bored with me and asked the  "  handsome bloke  "  why he was typing into his blackberry  .  i closed my eyes and thanked my lucky stars he was more interested in bloke with the blackberry  .  blackberry bloke handled him well  ,  by saying he was a sad geek to be typing so much at that time of night  ,  but it was just what he did  .  lollipop drunk bloke seemed to think that was ok and then talked at all of us about where were getting off we ignored him and that virginia waters was rubbish as he bet we were getting off at virginia waters we were n't  .  actually  ,  all three of us got off at richmond but fortunately lollipop drunk bloke got up quite early to ramble to people further down the carriage  .  we made a last minute exit	back continue leave thought asked time night early people made	expand
156982	him .   .  i was real sad  .  i met another gal later on  .   .  i fell in love  .   .  n she turned out to be a slut .   .  she cheated on me .   .  she broke my heart .   .  after that hated all gals  .  .  .  untill i got to college  .  .  .  n i befriended a gal .   .  she had long hair .   .  jet black .   .  beautiful smile and lovely eyes .   .  on the prom night she turned out alone  .  .  .  wanted to ask her to dance with me but my past experience with gals made me hesitant .   .  she was sitting all alone but as usual didnt have the guts to ask her out .   .  that was years back .   .  i miss those days .   .  i wish i could turn back time n go back .   .  but that i cannot do that .   .  thats my life .   .  i was never lucky in love .   .  i have some regrets in life  .  .  .  i have made a few mistakes .   .  m writing these  ,  to tell guys like me  .  .  .  dont be hesitant when it comes to love  .  .  .  have the courage .   .  i was always shyand romantic .   .  hehe dont be like that  .  u like a gal .   .  go for it .   .  speak out .   .  dont hold back .   .   "  the greatest thing you 'll ever lea	real love long experience made years back days back time back life love life made love back	expand
167413	as there but he listened  .  not many grown - ups ever listened to what i had to say  .  i said my goodbyes  ,  and promised to visit him at his bench the very next saturday  .  and so began one of the oddest relationships of my life  .  nine am on a saturday  ,  rain or shine  ,  hed be there waiting  .  we never spoke though there were times when hed talk disjointed stuff about war about things i wasnt equipped to understand or deal with  .  i only have snatches of those memories but i remember telling him about the shell shock  .  i thought it was some disease  ,  like the measles that one day he could get better  .  i think i told him that that he could get better  .  he got very quiet  ,  then nodded his head  .  then he began to cry  .  i didnt know what to do so i went over to the jack - in - the - box and bought him some french fries they cost a quarter in those days  .  i patted his hand  .  i wasnt always able to make it though i tried  .  saturdays were big chore days around my house i had l	visit saturday life saturday times things day cost days make days house	expand
165358	list  .  i still feel like crap  ,  but the chillssweatschillssweats fever is gone so i 'm back at work  .  i pretty much slept straight from yesterday morning until this morning  ,  waking only to tell the husband  ,  twitter and tova how awful i felt  .  and she left a care package on my porch that i discovered this morning  .  some gatorade and some upset - stomach friendly foods  .  i am touched  .  that might be the best gift i 've ever gotten i did find myself a  - pound silver lining  ,  though  .  dear scale  ,  good morning  .  i love you today  !  love  ,  ali and if any one of you fuckers wants to give me the speech about how that three pounds will just pile back on once i start eating properly again  ,  you 'll be getting a stab in the throat  .  let me have something please  !  the kids are cheeseheading it up at my mom 's place in wisconsin and have already exhausted my mom  .  my stepdad  .  my brother  .  they have done the state fair  ,  a discovery museum  ,  they 've gone boating on my parents	back work morning morning care morning find good morning love today love give back place	expand
159655	yden .   .  hahaha  !  he 's like super cute and active  !  kept snapping photos of him  ,  but mostly blurred x here are the better ones o .  o hyper hyper  !  eh  !  he was very alert whenever i brought up the camera hello  !  fanning himself  .  fang  !  did n't get to take photo with her on friday  .  now she 's finally back from genting she brought so much laughter to us because of her randomness hahaha  !  ting  ,  with her only - fierce - to - ugly - men look lol  !  face like mua chee oh oh  !  i love wixy 's window  !  those he kept drooling hehe  .  so cute  !  angry  !  kids are so adorable to look at  .  but annoying to take care of x that 's why wixy told us we must have enough of playing  ,  then give birth lol  .  i think i will never have enough of playing x oh this photo is like crap  .  but i still decided to put it up because i wanna tell everyone this is the nice celebritea break producer  -  mei lian  ,  who i last edited with  !  ahhh  !  jayden again  !  pinch red apple serene  !  gonna miss this crazy gir	brought friday back brought men love care playing give playing put red	expand
155832	of my toes and squirm with the strength of atlas to get away from her so she ca n't do the rest  .  so i was crying my most pitiful and remorseful and heart - wrenching cries  .  i went to the cat fix - it place  ,  and even though i 'd been there before  ,  i still remember having seen other fix - it people only to be shuttled from place to place  .  and not only that  ,  but i did n't see the same guy i saw before  ,  which i thought was a very bad sign  .  but it was n't  .  i actually saw our regular vet this time and i know everybody loves dr .  r .  she was very nice  .  and not only that  ,  but everybody was all squee  !  when they saw meeven mom heard the adoration when i was in the lab  !  so that was kind of fun and it alleviated some of the pain for being stabbed and poked a million times  .  i got a shiny red tag for my troubles  ,  too  .  of course  ,  now william is doing his troll bit and hissing and whining at me  ,  all because i smell like the fix - it place  .  the girls just sniffed and proceeded to ignore me  . 	heart place people place place thought time dr million times red bit place	expand
164865	were n't  .  liar  ,  liar  !  she wanted to say  ,  but she held it in for a better time  ,  a quieter time  .  everyone was laughing  ,  laughing but he got up loudly  ,  dramatically and went onto the porch to smoke a few cigarettes  .  of course  ,  she had to go with him the situation demanded it  ,  but  ,  watching him  ,  she was glad that she had never said she loved him  .  he refused to go inside for a long time  .  he was mad  ;  he was losing her  ,  and he knew it  .  she stayed  ,  even though she wanted to go  .  he drank a whole bottle of wine and smoked  .  she listened  ,  as usual  .  he started sentences and he did n't finish them  .  they had to get through the night  ,  so after awhile  ,  she calmed him down  .  the party dwindled  ;  they all went upstairs to watch a movie  .  he got angry again halfway up the stairs  ,  burning  ,  jealous  .  he threw his guitar and then threw himself on his bed  .  somehow they ended up like this  ,  the three of them  .  the boy who loved her  ,  the boy who was just trying to be a pe	wanted held time time situation long time wanted started night party watch movie	expand
167676	today i used pre - boiled beets  ,  i can buy vacuum - packed at the local store not pickled new yukon gold potatoes  ,  boiled in salted water and then peeled and cut into cubes string beans  ,  boiled in salted water and cut into small pieces chopped tomatoes  .  i added some capers for a little  "  bite  "   .  traditionally the salad has boiled carrots cubed and peas as well  .  i adore capers and add them to almost anything i can  .  i am really lucky as out where i live  ,  a tiny grouping of homes near a small church  ,  san gaudenzio  ,  has capers growing on the wall  .  caper bush on wall outside san gaudenzio church in my 'hood  .  to preserve capers  ,  you can either pack them in salt or boil in vinegar  .  the tiny flower bud is used for the cooking caper  ,  and the larger seed pod is also pickled for an appetizer  .  sometimes i dress my tuscan potato salad with a salsa verde  ,  made with parsley and capers  ,  adding string beans to the potato salad  .  try it  !  salsa verde cup italian parsley  ,  leaves o	today buy local water cut water cut small add live small church church made	expand
168462	really really tired  .  i woke up to my baby brother lying on my bed  ,  staring at my face  .  i was n't really asleep  ,  but i had wrapped myself up in blankets and was trying my darndest to go back to sleep  -  insomnia again  .   "  oh god  ,   "  i moaned  .   "  i think you should get up  ,  webecca  ,   "  he says  .   "  what time is it  ?   "  i managed to get out  .   "  i 'm not weally sure  ,  but it 's definitely in the sixes  .   "  i really groaned at that  .  the sixes  !  not the sixes  !  oh why did i give him an alarm clock  ?   !  why oh why did i help him set it  ?   !   ?  he was all apologetic about torturing me  ,  but i assured him i was n't really asleep so he did n't really wake me up  .  then he laid on my chest and started talking about volcanoes or race cars or what he wanted for christmas or something and yeah  .  sooo tired  .  ca n't  .  fight  .  with bitchy relatives  .   .  .  .  too  .  .  .  sleepy  .  .  .  not my stuff anyway  .  .  .  dad told me not to  .  .  .  nooooo  .  .  .  i made cake  .  .  .  leave me alone  .  .  .   .  facing  .  .  .  another  .  .  .  sleepless n	face back god time give set started ca made leave	expand
168307	rent directory to mp 's  ,  keeping the flac files  .  note that you will need flac and lame for this to work  .  run the following line in the directory where the flac files are rechosenlocalhost for file in  .  flac  ;  do flac  - cd  "  file  "  lame  - h  -   "  file  .  flac  .  mp  "   ;  done this will output the mp files in the same directory as the flac files  .  if any of the mp files that 's being created already exists  ,  it will be overwritten  .  when the conversion has finished  ,  you can copy the mp files to an other location like this rechosenlocalhost cp  .  mp mediasda note that this will copy all mp files in the current directory  ,  not just the ones converted from the flac files  !  of course  ,  you could replace  "  mediasda  "  with any other directory  .  you could also replace  "  cp  "  by  "  mv  "  to move the mp files instead of copying them  .  you can also make lame create the mp files somewhere else  .  take the following line rechosenlocalhost for file i	directory mp files note work run line directory files file file file mp mp files directory files mp files mp files mp note mp files current directory files directory mp files make mp files line file	expand
166859	king for a super simple and highly addictive snack  ?  oh baby have i found one  !  ranch oyster crackers are on the list as a must - make munchie for my next soiree  .  aside from the minute bake time  ,  these tasty little nibbles took about minutes to make  ,  and i spent less than on the ingredients  .  what 's not to love about a snack like that  ?  and to boot  ,  the crackers are relatively low fat  .  i omitted the dill weed and the lemon pepper  ,  and cut back on the oil a smidge  ,  and this little snack came out great  .  ranch oyster crackers ounce package ranch dressing mix teaspoon dried dill weed cup vegetable oil teaspoon lemon pepper optional teaspoon garlic powder optional cups oyster crackers preheat oven to degrees f degrees c  .  in a large mixing bowl  ,  combine ranch dressing mix  ,  dill weed  ,  vegetable oil  ,  lemon pepper  ,  and garlic powder  .  mix well  .  add oyster crackers to the mixture and mix to coat the crackers  .  pour the crackers	found list make time minutes make love back oil great oil large oil	expand
160131	control over and that 's what destiny is but no more worries  ,  rest your head and go to sleep maybe one day we 'll wake up and this will all just be a dream now hush little baby  ,  do n't you cry everything 's gonna be alright stiffen that upper lip up little lady  ,  i told ya daddy 's here to hold ya through the night i know mommy 's not here right now and we do n't know why we feel how we feel inside it may seem a little crazy  ,  pretty baby but i promise momma 's gon ' be alright it 's funny i remember back one year when daddy had no money mommy wrapped the christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me cuz daddy could n't buy 'em i 'll never forget that christmas i sat up the whole night crying cuz daddy felt like a bum  ,  see daddy had a job but his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom and at the time every house that we lived in either kept getting broke into and robbed or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for yo	day night feel feel back year money night job job food time house money	expand
164718	le we were away  .  it was no big deal at first  ,  because we still had sex  ,  we just fucked without kissing  ,  mostly in doggie style  .  that 's my fav anyway so it was fun  !  but by saturday afternoon he was acting like a spoiled sick little boy  .  it 's crazy how sometimes guys turn into whining babies when they get sick  .  i remember my dad used to always do it my mom  ,  he still does but he toned it down some  .  it was kinda like one of those sitcoms where the guy has the bell that he keeps ringing for the maid or friend character and she 's like ready to kill him  .  i was totally turned off by him acting like the world stopped spinning because he did n't feel good  .  i acted like i still had an ok time  ,  but omg i 'm so pissed  !  i know it was n't his fault that he got a cold but what the fuck  ,  i was stuck with a sick crybaby on my birthday when i should have been having a hot romantic weekend  .  but even still  ,  i do n't want to ever be around him when he 's sick again  .  when i got back home	big deal saturday turn world feel good time back home	expand
160220	the floor with my legs stretched out and he was sitting on my legs facing me  .  he 'd lay his head on my chest for a couple seconds and then pop back up and smile at me and then lay back down and pop back up  .  it was super cute  .  anyway he started popping up and slapping me in the chest  ,  which was n't super cute  .  when he did that  ,  i 'd slap his hand and he 'd laugh at me  .  ugggg i 'm so torn between slapping his hand and not slapping his hand  .  i 'm trying to teach him not to slap me  ,  so i slap him  ?   !  ah  ,  i do n't know what to do with him  .  anyway  ,  it took only two times of me slapping his hand and him laughing before he slapped his own hand  !  oh no  !   !  he 's lay on my chest  ,  cuddle in  ,  pop up  ,  smile  ,  slap me  ,  slap his own hand  ,  giggle his weird fake giggle  -  i must get video somehow and then cuddle back in  .  it 's so cute and so naughty all at the same time  .  it 's like i wanted him to quit because he was no being nice  ,  but it was so cute i wanted to watch him  .  he a	floor head pop back back pop back started hand hand hand times hand hand pop hand video back time wanted wanted	expand
165888	i said with a giggle  .   "  you hate those movies  !   "  he said laughing  .   "  i know  ,  but you love them  .  hey  ,  we can switch off  ,  watch your cowboy movie then watch a movie we both like  ,  sound good  ?   "  i said  .   "  ok that sounds good  .  none of those sappy chic flicks though  ,  ok  ?   "  he said  .   "  why not  ,  you do n't want to get emotional is all  ?   "  i said laughing again  .   "  no  ,  i just do n't want to watch those boring movies  .   "  he said  .   "  alright mr .  tough guy  .  i 'm sure we can find something we both will like  .  i 'd better get some sleep for another long day tomorrow  .   "  i said  "  ok  ,  i love you dear  ,  be careful  .   "  he said  .   "  i love you too daddy  .  tell the kids i said hi and i will be home soon  .   "  i replied  .   "  i will  ,  bye  .   "  he said as he hung up the phone  .  i took a deep breath and took off my shirt and skirt and stockings and lay on the bed in my white underwear to plan the next day 's schedule  .  i put the pen to my mouth and lost thought about that jerry i met  .  oh  ,  i know	love watch watch good good watch mr find long day love love home plan day put	expand
167297	irst day back it went like this wake up usual time  ,  around  - no matter what i tried  .  spend day up around  .  try to take a nap -  usually unsuccessfully -  before work  .  work  .  since i ca n't sleep during the day  ,  stay up till  -   ,  then go to bed  .  so i 'd been up from wednesday morning until almost thursday afternoon  .  i 'd been asleep for about two hours when the phone rang  ,  mom calling  "  there are tornadoes not far from you  ,  is everything ok  ?   "  i actually looked up  ,  then said  "  the ceiling 's still there  ,  so yes  .   "  for some reason that was not reassuring to her  ,  so i promised to turn on the weather -  which was doing the expected squealing -  for a minute and heard they were all north of me  ,  so i looked out the back window  .  the dogs absolutely hated severe storms  ,  and hid if anything was coming  ;  they were in the back yard playing  .  so i went back to bed  .  thus ends my storm story  .  	day back time day work work day hours phone turn north back coming back back story	expand
159270	their eyes  .  they then told me that they wanted to see more  ,  but i could not understand what they meant  .  i mean there i was standing there naked  .  .  .  what else was there to see  ?   ?  then both of the girls staarted to make these hand motions  .  .  .  you know  ,  the ones guys do while rubbing their coc  !  i could n't believe they wanted me to do that in front of them  ,  but since i am an adventerous sort  .  .  .  i figured what the heck  .  .  .  let 's go for it  .  so i started to stroke and touch my coc  .  then i started to play with my balls .   .  they are cute little ones and i was dancing and shaking and stroking and playing with myself and we were all having a great time  .  .  .  after doing this for about a half hour i could feel myself ready to cum and i told the girls to watch out because when i cum i shoot pretty far .   .  it got to where i could n't hold out and more and then i started to cum  .  .  .  and let me tell you it felt good  .  .  .  the other girl who was there could n't	told make hand started started play great time half feel told started good	expand
170163	above especially do not provoke a fight when my dreams have already left me disoriented  .  tonight was one of the worst i have had in years  .  and it lasted from the time i looked at the clocked and closed my eyes to sleep till minutes later when i sat up and looked at the clock to make sure i was still alive  .  i was pretty sure i was dead  .  i had just spent about years in a empty room with no doors and yelling every hour or so  .  accusations  .  lists of crimes  .  testimonials to the horrible person i am  .  i thought i was never going to live another day  .  every day  .  minutes  .  and then the fight begins because i had to be away from that room  .  i have a glow in the dark cross above my door that i got at the last buffy night the outworlders had  .  i wanted a picture of it  .  but i made the mistake of saying nothing and expecting that to be a good answer  .  i wanted a door between me and the knife i just knew was coming  .  that was the only time i heard her voice in that room was saying  "  w	left years time minutes make years room live day day minutes room made good time room	expand
162078	them  ;  which makes sense considering that 's exactly what grandpa was  .  we got to visit st kilda  .  this confused the crap out of me because to my knowledge st kilda is a suburb in melbourne  ,  not adelaide  -  turns out there 's two  .  this one happened to have this massive adventure playground on it  .  massive as in the flying fox was about a hundred metres long and the slides took about nine seconds to reach the bottom of four if you hit it at a piss - bolt while wearing your jacket on your arse  .  i went head over heels trying to propel a rotor swing a swing dangling from each end of a rotating crossbeam  .  great way to induce vomiting because i slipped on the woodchip floor and nearly got run over by stefanie  .  then i managed to bruise that which makes me a man by attempting to ride a pulley swing and nearly ending up as a darwin award candidate  .  tuesday night i got really  ,  really smashed  .  since i was depressed about grandpa and dad was getting hammered  ,  i bought a bottle of dra	makes visit st knowledge st long head end great run makes man	expand
166963	e  .  as i was cleaning her up she started pooping again  .  and again  .  and again  .  just when i thought she might be done she just kept on pooping  .  it got so i was switching out diapers under her so she could fill them up again  !  it was all actually quite efficient and no outfits were ruined  .  we 've since switched to the next size diaper  .  i 'm expecting more poop at any time now  .  our date was wonderful  !  we left the baby with my sister - in - law and things were good  -  no tears  -  that includes the baby and me  .  although i did make the rookie mistake of calling home once we got to the stadium  .  yup  .  meli was screaming in the background  .  but aunt katina is a seasoned pro so she was soon docing me that meli had a bit of a bottle and had fallen asleep  .  the concert was incredible  .  scroll down to july  .  possibly the best we 've ever seen and it certainly made up for the crap concert we saw last november  .  the joy lasted over hours and i think i may have taken a cat nap somewhere in	time date left law things good make home july made	expand
169129	hung over  ,  with breasts  .  oh  ,  yes  ,  and i woke up with breasts next to wilson  .  and it only got worse  .  next thing i knew  ,  i burst in  -  -  i meaning my body  ,  not me  ,  since i still lay in bed  .  i looked like shit and did n't have my cane  .  bloody eyes and stubble  .  fuck  ,  did i really look that old  ?  i looked at me  ,  and then at wilson  ,  and then at me again  ,  and i started screaming  .  i 'm talking like a fucking banshee  .   "  what the fuck did you do  ?   "  i screamed  .   "  uh  .  .  .   "  wilson jumped  .   "  house  ?  what the fuck  ?   "   "  i 'm not house  .  that 's house  !   "  wilson looked at me  .  then he looked back at the real me and said  ,   "  house  ,  what did you take  ?   "   "  wilson  !  it 's me  ,  amber  .  i 'm not house  .  i 'm just trapped in  .  .  .  god  ,  what am i saying  ?  wilson  .  look into my eyes  .   "   "  i told you not to take an x last night  .  we 're in mexico for fuck 's sake  .   "  okay  ,  see  ,  that moment is what i like to call a moral dilemma  .  i could either not back amber up and make her look like	wilson body looked looked wilson wilson house house house wilson looked looked back real house wilson house god wilson night call back make	expand
163980	e was cold because the fan was on .   .  and all night he slept on cold hard wood floors w no covers and a fan blowing on him  .  i felt awful  !  thankfully though he wasnt hurt .   .  and did n't take long to calm  .  after holding him for a minute or so i laid him back into bed  .  .  .  he instantly turned over  ,  grabbed his blankie and pacifier  .  .  .  and was out  .  i bundled him with covers then shut the door  .  he slept in until am .   .  so he was very tired  .  next time he cries the st time ill at least peak in  .  .  .  i think its important for children to learn to comfort themselves .   .  this is why i waited a minute  .  .  .  but i dont want my child to sleep on cold hard floor for hours  .  taite may of needed this though and finally learn to not get out of bed .   .  like mommy and daddy tell him  .  off to do lots of laundry  .  .  .  travis is out for a bike ride w the boys  .  below are a few more fav 's from yesterdays shoot  -  just for fun  .  .  .  the lil girl in this photo found no humor in me  -  some shoots yo	hard long back time st time important children learn hard hours learn found	expand
166406	s created in the air  ,  the fields  ,  and the seas for you  ,  lest sad solitude destroy the joy of gods new creation  .  and the creator still works to devise things that can add to your glory  .  he has made you in his image that you might in your person make the invisible creator present on earth  ;  he has made you his legate  ,  so that the vast empire of the world might have the lords representative  .  then in his mercy god assumed what he made in you  ;  he wanted now to be truly manifest in man  ,  just as he had wished to be revealed in man as in an image  .  now he would be in reality what he had submitted to be in symbol  .  and so christ is born that by his birth he might restore our nature  .  he became a child  ,  was fed  ,  and grew that he might inaugurate the one perfect age to remain for ever as he had created it  .  he supports man that man might no longer fall  .  and the creature he had formed of earth he now makes heavenly  ;  and what he had endowed with a human soul he now vivifies to become	created things made image make made world god made man man image age created man man human	expand
168454	was fine too  ,  except for that he did n't tell us he had to be at work for  ,  so naomi and sara went home to take him  .  matt and i had a really nice time  ,  crazy kate and anna kept judging our kisses  ,  and saying if it was a or a or a  .  or you know whatever number they chose  .  after the life guards left their big chair thingy was free  ,  and after the chicks who were sitting there left  ,  we went up there  ,  and it was supper nice  ,  and even a little romantic  -  which is hard to get on a beach trip with a lot of people  .  my back is burnt a little  ,  it feels so good against the wall  .  also  ,  besides being burnt i got so brown  .  like super super brown  .  i 'm sure my parents are annoyed with me  .  i 'm pretty tired  .  .  .  and my parents are yelling at eachother  .  it 's cute  .  i had a fight with matt today  ,  and yesterday  ,  but it was all figured out  ,  it was just silly things  ,  also i have a ring tan  .  it 's nice  .  it makes it feel like i have something there even if it 's not on  .  naomi i	work home time number life left free left people back good	expand
163383	e said i should buy some orajel so i can numb my throat  .  i honestly do n't get the attraction  .  it makes my eyes water and my nose run  .  there is also the possibility i could puke on him  .  i had thought that he was okay with me not being able to do that  ,  but i think it 's the  "  face fucking  "  he meant  .  he does want to get his cock down my throat  .  we played at that for awhile  .  i enjoyed the feel of him in my mouth  ,  gagged on him when he told me to  ,  licking and massaging his balls  .  when he stopped me  ,  he told me which toys to bring out  .  the yellow one and the purple one are always his favorites  .  i have a whole cabinet of toys  !  i 'll have to bring some new ones and leave them lying around and see if he wants to try them  !  he wanted the yellow manhandler  ,  the purple strap - on  ,  and a medium butt plug  .  i already had the red one and the weak blue vibrator out  .  he wanted me to bring the ky liquid and a paddle  ,  too  .  i went to the bedroom and quickly gathered the toys  .  i gr	buy makes water run thought feel told told bring bring wanted red wanted bring	expand
156693	and had days where i busted my ass till midnight got up the next day and did all over again and you repay me by screwing around on me  .  you said i was n't home enough well where were you when i was out of work for months with a busted up hand  ?  having a damn affair with some loser who delivers pizza  .  i know i can do better hell i already have i 'm not that bad looking  ,  great sense of humor which you never got because your just so stupid  .  your taking my daughter away i 'll miss her first day of school and some other things but heres the deal i looking for the  -  hour day job and once i get it i 'll be taking by daughter back  .  and you can have a nice life in rockford i ca n't even think of rockford without laughing my ass off  ,  it 's just where a white trash person like you and your mother would prosper at so now i wo n't be living the offspring song self esteem anymore i can put that in the past and move on  .  yes i 'm single so i 'll have more time for motorhead and more	day home work great taking day school day taking back life put time	expand
162929	we were more than just friends and so i told him  "  i do n't care what you say  ,  i 'm your girlfriend  !   "  candy thought it was hilarious  .  later that night we went to my parent 's house and while we were there watching t .  v .  he told me that  "  i kinda like the sound of you being my girlfriend  .   "  and so we were  "  official  .   "  i 'm not sure why were going back and forth so much that night  ,  but we ended up back at steve and candy 's house  ,  and our first kiss happened on their couch i was lying on the couch and he was sitting on their floor and he came over and told me he was going to kiss me  .  i said ok because it had been months of hanging out  !   !  and he told me to close my eyes  .  i 'm notorious for kissing with my eyes open trust issues  ?  who knows  .   .  i closed my eyes and he leaned in and gave me a wonderfully sweet kiss  .  awww  .  .  .  it was on may th  ,   .  and here 's a picture of us kissing at our wedding  ,  and if you 'll notice  .  .  .  my eyes are open  .  and i just notic	told care night house told back night back house told months told eyes eyes open trust issues eyes eyes open	expand
168003	onna go eat my chips  .  i 'll blog more later  .  oh shit i havent cut my nails yet  .  they are so long and annoying  .  and i still have to pack  .  urgh  !   -  why the hell am i so unlucky  ?  dads here getting his hair done again  .  wasnt he just here like a week ago  ?  god just leave your hair fucking grey  .  you 're not fooling anyone  .  making your hair black doesnt change who you are  .  urgh  .  hes bein so fucking loud and talking to his bastard frnds on the phone from the shop loudly  .  i wanna smack him  .  i 'm getting so pist off just hearing him  .  i came out here to get away from him  ,  not to hear him even more  .  i was helpin out mom and she said  "  too bad you dont know how to wash your dads hair  .   "  and he said  "  shes lazy and useless  .  she doesnt know how to do anything  .   "  and i 'm thinking i 'm doing a shitload more than you out here old man so why dont you go shove that phone up your ass  .  stupid shit  .  i 'm on page of the book  .  trying to finish it  .  unlikely with him here  . 	long week god making black change phone man phone page book	expand
154701	f fresh mint tablespoons natural yoghurt put all the marinade ingredients except the yoghurt into a food processor and blitz until smooth  .  stir in the yoghurt  .  using the skewers or rosemary sticks  ,  skewer the fish alternately with the new potatoes  .  drizzle with the marinade and grill for minutes each side  .  chicken makes kebabs glb oz free - range boneless chicken breasts courgettes  ,  sliced very thinly lengthways skewers or sticks of fresh rosemary  ,  lower leaves removed  ,  tips kept on for the marinade handful of fresh coriander handful of fresh mint cloves of garlic spring onions red chilli zest and juice of lemon sea salt and freshly ground black pepper olive oil cut the chicken into  . cm inch cubes and place in a bowl  .  blanch the courgette strips in salted boiling water for seconds then drain and allow to cool  .  blitz all the marinade ingredients except the olive oil in a food processor  ,  then loosen to a paste wi	fresh put food minutes side free range fresh fresh fresh oil place water oil food	expand
165474	as just spinning some pat green in my ipod and stumbled on this song that made me think of some of my peeps in the damu  ,  so i dedicate it to them  .  it 's called  "  run  .   "  finally free finally gone finally breathing again finally back out on my own finally here in an otherwise empty room where there 's no one here to tear me all apart yeah tonight i 'm gonna go out i 'm gonna get a little wasted  .  yeah i 'm one of those guys i 'm one of those guys i gotta run gotta be free do n't hold me down no baby yeah and speakin of faith i finally found me a song i 'm in the same old place but there 's a lot less screamin and carryin on too much pain too much hate not enough fire now its way too late yeah tonight i 'm gonna go out i 'm gonna get a little wasted  .  i 'm one of those guys i 'm one of those guys you 're looking back at me with your pretty little eyes and you want so bad for me to try and change you tried that one before win the battle lose the war just count your losses baby  ,  and go	made called run finally free finally finally finally back finally room run free finally found place back change	expand
161917	ut the door  .  where are you going  ,  my little one  ?  little one  ?  where are you going  ,  my darling my own  ?  turn around and you 're young  ,  turn around and you 're grown  .  turn around and you 're a young wife  ,  with babes of your own  .  turn around  ,  turn around  ,  turn around and you 're a young wife  ,  with babes of your own  .  she made a little sigh and turned around to face me  .   "  i love you  ,  mommy  ,   "  she said  .  i told her i loved her too and then she scrunched up her nose and asked  ,   "  what 's a babe  ?   "  i told her it was a another way to say  "  baby  "  and that the song was about how little girls grow up and  ,  before you know it  ,  they have their own babies  .  and that she 'd do that someday  .  and i told her that i 'd never heard the song until her poppy told it to me  .  her gan gan gary 's grandmother used to sing it to him when he was a little boy  ;  and then he sang it to mckenna  ,  and then to delaney  ,  and now to her  .  and then  ,  after lying there for a few seconds quietly  ,  she	turn young turn turn young wife turn turn turn young wife made face love told asked told song told heard song told	expand
157638	ut  ,  i run the the park and start crawling around at in the morning screaming out some girls name  ,  mikey is throwing up in the woods  ,  and mitch is singing a song  .  .  .  so after a while i start to scream out nicole ridenkirch 's name and screaming it sexually  ,  so i take off my pants  ,  and throw my shoes in to the woods  ,  so im at a family park screaming sex noises  ,  with my pants off and shoes  ,  well after a while max calls nicole to come pick us up  ,  so she does  ,  i dont remember this part but she told me this  ,  but when she got there  ,  theres not enough room in the car so they drag me to the trunk and throw me in  ,  well when we get to mitches i crawl out  ,  and crawl on all fours to mitches door  ,  when i get there im still on all fours  ,  and im pounding on the door  ,  mitches mom gets the door  ,  and this is like in the morning  ,  she helps me in and she said she thought i had a seizure  ,  well then mikey starts to thrown up all over her carpet  ,  and couch  ,  she then calls my mom  ,  an	run park start morning start family park part room car door door door morning thought	expand
167076	son moran to her band  .  moran 's jazz chops and sense of ensemble playing raises the stakes for ms .  wilson 's band  ,  and the results are often striking  .  her delivery is sonce again smooth and sultry  ,  an alto voice capable of making each bent and gliding note a moment of bliss  .  particularly noteworthy are the stinging blues solo on  "  st .  james infirmary  "  by marvin sewell  ,  a simmering  ,  teasing version of  "  caravan  "  and a wonderfully structured version of  "  til there was you  "   .  cole porter 's  "  the very thought of you  "  is done as a virtual bassvocal duet between ms .  wilson and guest reginal veal and breathes new life into an old favorite  .  cassandra wilson 's selection of  "  would n't it be loverly  "  from the broadway show  "  my fair lady  "  gave me the chance to focus on that great show and the number of jazz musicians who have recorded its songs  .  alan jay lerner and frederick loewe were giants of the 's broadway stage  .  they collaborated on classics like  "  brigadoon  "   ,   "  c	band band results making note st version version life show great show number	expand
167260	can  .  i get a call from husband but then he says he 'll call me back  .  i kinda figured what he was calling about  .  brother - in - law showed up at the house at  .  i did n't know this for sure until i get ready to turn into the driveway and see the truck  .  steam coming out ears  !  i called husband and told him to tell brother - in - law to leave and i did n't want to see his face i would not come home until he 'd left my husband laughed and said okay  .  i pass brother - in - law on the street and give him a look  .  i was n't going to let that butt head ruin my dinner evidently  ,  he 'd come by the house at hoping i 'd be there but then had to drive over to the next town thinking he 'd be back in time  .  but the homeowner he was going to see supposedly begged him to do more than he expected  .   .  i 'm like  .  he has a phone  !  he could have called  .   .  this is n't the first time he 's done this and i should have know thank goodness they are almost done with my remodel  !   !   !   !  i think i 've had enough of my	call call back law house called law home left law street give house back time called time	expand
159396	he kissed one time a year ago at the same party  ,  apparently a friend throws tis bash each year  .  she never talked to him since the party  .  it was late people were leaving and this kid came to the party  .  he told her hey and what not he was drinking  ,  they talked and then left each other  .  a half hour later he came up to her and she was really drunk at this time .   .  so was he .   .  her friends werent around no one was they were outside people were cleaning up and stuff  ,  and he tried to kiss her  .  she said no and refused times  .  finally she told me she was just so drunk she gave in  ,  she said this was no excuse but she did  ,  and she doesnt know why .   .  she wasnt thinking clearly  .  i asked how long  ,  was there tongue yada yada because i was so hurt and angry i needed to know  .  she said it was three seconds a hook up as in real kiss which f kills me to think that and after she instantly left and started crying  .  .  .  she cried alot she said and told me a week after it happened .   .  she	time year party year party people party told left time people times told long real left told week	expand
157253	mugged you  ,  maybe even give you a lift home - minus your wallet of course but thats only fair  .  asidefuckin'taxi drivers  !  first impressions are rarely better than in this club  .  the bouncer is an old guy who sits outside talking shite with patrons in his red bowler hat and actually looks like someone who might be worth listening to  ,  an unheard of trait amongst most bouncers  .  also  ,  i doubt he could run very far which generally means that either the crowd requires little policing or you can do whatever you want or both  .  before anyone asks  ,  its both  .  there are cages and stages for drunken idiocy  ,  nobodies gonna stop you in your never ending quest to make a tit of yourself  ,  or be shown up by people who can actually dance  .  so you go past the bouncer to the door which is cheap as chips at and onto the punk lady with the stamp which reads die yuppee scum  .  i love that stamp and want to steal it  .  aaf takes exception to it though  ,  i think he wants to become a yuppee someday  , 	give home club red run means make people past love	expand
160416	bution and control solutions for the traditional and alternative energy industries  ,  announced today that net sales for the second quarter of were  .  million compared with  .  million for the second quarter of  ,  an increase of  .  million or  .   .  net income for the second quarter of was  .  million  ,  or cents per basic and diluted share  ,  compared with  .  million  ,  or cents per basic and diluted share  ,  for the same quarter last year  .  the second quarter results reflect an improvement of  .  million over first quarter  .  for the six months ending june  ,   ,  net sales  ,  net income and basic and fully diluted earnings per share were  .  million  ,   .  million and  .   ,  respectively compared to  .  million  ,   .  million and  .   ,  respectively in the comparable prior year period  .  the reported sales and earnings include the results of operations from our merger partner american access technologies  ,  inc .  aat since may  ,   . 	today sales million million million million basic share million basic share year results million june sales basic share million million million million year sales include results access	expand
157994	so hot to me  .   "   "  so you 've never actually done it before  ?   "  he asked slowly  .  i shook my head  .  he considered for a moment  ,  then looked up at me with those startling blue eyes  .   "  i i have had anal sex  ,  and from my perspective it was amazing  ,  but most women do n't enjoy it  .  are you sure you want to do this  ?   "  i nodded again  .   "  if i do n't like it  ,  we 'll stop  .  ok  ?   "  i led him into my bedroom  .  he asked if i had any lube  ,  and i got out my small bottle from my dresser drawer  .   "  it 'll be best if you get on your hands and knees  ,   "  he said  ,  sounding a little distant  .  his eyes were a little unfocused  ,  and his breath was coming fast  .  i was feeling the same way myself  ;  anal was something i 'd always thought about  ,  but had never actually tried  .  i hoped it lived up to my expectations  .  he lubed up my ass and began to insert one of his fingers  .  at first it felt strange  ,  a little uncomfortable  ,  but as he began to move it in and out of me  ,  i noticed a strange kind of	asked head women enjoy asked small coming thought began began move kind	expand
168690	look  .  james  ,  i said id go  .  you just have to be the first one through the door  ,  said james quickly  ,  without caring that he was interrupting her  .  he frowned  .  thats rude  ,  you know  .  lily stared at him blankly  ,  her scarf falling to the floor  ,  where it lay forgotten  .  whaaat  ?  she said  ,  drawing out the word in baffled question  .  entering before you  ,  he half - explains  ,  half - snaps  .  its the same as not holding a door  .  mumll yell at me  .  it mightve been cute that he was so concerned about his mothers opinion  ,  if it werent so ridiculous  .  lily sighed  .  really  ,  not if i explain it to her  .  what makes you think shell understand it any more than i do  ?  demanded james  .  he uncrossed his arms  ,  but did not look any less petulant  .  lily leveled a look at him which suggested deep impatience  .  james  .  if your answer is that shes a woman  ,  i think ill hex you  .  james  !  well  ,  you say that all the time  ,  he pointed out defensivel	james door james floor word question half half door makes understand james james answer james time	expand
167350	i know he 'd do that  .  so i snuck out to see them  .  they were drunk  .  david was listening to music from someones ipod blasting in his ears  ,  nico was dancing outside of the car window  .  and david was driving like a crazy person  .  i swear  ,  i thought we were going to tip over and die  .  after they stopped being crazy in the car  ,  and was just chilling by some random gatethat they were kicking  .  david fell trying to kick it  ,  it was pretty hillarious  .  but then  ,  we got back into the car  ,  and just out of no where  ,  nico tried kissing me again  .  i did n't fight it much  ,  i kept polling away from him because i knew it was bad  .  david told sarah about it  ,  she doc me a billion times  ,  waking me up yelling at me about how bad it was  .  also found out david was upset about it too  ,  he deleted my number from his phone  ,  told sarah everything he was feeling  ,  which she told me once we stopped fighting  .  and nico keeps calling me  .  but he 's not calling me to try to get in my pants or whatever	david music car david person car david back car bad david told times bad found david number told told	expand
167403	well  ,  scraggly  .  like shaggy from scooby doo  ,  even  .  so when his daddy went to have his hair cut saturday  ,  we decided it was time to attempt the first haircut  .  we had no idea if he would allow scissors to come anywhere near him  ,  and i do n't remember anything like a first haircut  ,  even though i was basically three when i grew any hair out of my follicly challenged noggin  .  i 've always had a problem with scissors coming near my face  .  there 's just something terrifying when you get your bangs trimmed and the scissors are thisclose to your eyeballs and one little jab  .  .  .  miraculously  ,  he sat very still in his daddy 's lap  ,  swathed in the big black drape  ,  and allowed the lady with the scissors to snip his lovely  ,  abundant hair out of his eyes  .  i captured the moment on both video and in pictures  ,  just like any self - respecting mama would  .  and now he is  ,  from all appearances  ,  a big boy  .  please excuse me whilst i go about weeping over his little manly self  .  	saturday time idea problem coming face big black video big whilst	expand
163042	ck my maid  .  my usual wake up time is  . am since now i ca n't go back to sleep  ,  i rather sit here and blog  .  mil told me  ,  my maid back to her normal self again  ,  which she cannot wake up at  . am  .  for past i do n't know how long  ,  she start wake up at  . am or  . am and monday she only wake up at am  !   !   !   !  she did n't prepare my sons water tumbler when i check at am i did n't question her  ,  but i put up my angry face  ,  i told her if she ca n't do  ,  she can go to sleep and i will be the maid  !  she told my mil that she ca n't wake up is because we went out and come back late on sunday night  ,  she only sleep at am  !   !   !   !  i tell you  ,  big liar  !  yes  ,  we are coming back late  ,  but she go to sleep at am  ,  i know it 's a bit late  ,  but that is only on weekend  ,  weekday  ,  my sons sleep early  ,  she also sleep around  . pm  !  not every weekend she will sleep at am  ,  only once in a while  ,  not always  !  i so pissed  !  today i wake up at  . am  ,  when i go downstair  ,  still no	time ca back told back long water put told ca told ca back late back late late early today	expand
161008	that rates a star rating on there with hundreds or even thousands of reviews is a darn solid recipe  .  so  ,  i used one to hit out of the ballpark a couple weeks ago  .  just try it  ,  simple ingredients you already have around and the kids will scarf them down  .  but then again  ,  they love bananas and they love carbs  ,  it was the perfect muffin  !  recipe c .  flour tsp  .  baking soda tsp  .  baking powder tsp  .  salt bananas  ,  mashed c .  white sugar egg  ,  lightly beaten c .  butter  ,  melted c .  packed brown sugar t .  flour tsp  .  ground cinnamon t .  butter preaheat oven to  .  lightly grease muffin cups  ,  or line with muffin papers  .  in a large bowl  ,  mix together c .  flour  ,  baking soda  ,  baking powder and salt  .  in another bowl  ,  beat together bananas  ,  sugar  ,  egg and melted butter  .  stir the banana mixture into the flour mixture just until moistened  .  spoon batter into prepared muffin cups  .  in a small bowl  ,  mix together brown sugar  ,  t .  flour an	rates weeks simple love love white brown ground line large small brown	expand
157192	the kids  .  the always giggle when scooby and shaggy get scared by the ghosts and scary monsters before running off  .  anyway  ,  it was a moment reminiscent from scooby doo  .  only i 'm not sure which one was shaggy and which one was scooby  .  if i had to guess  ,  i think moo would have been scooby  .  we were at a bbq at my mum 's place  .  she lives on a large block which has a huge concrete driveway and outdoor area and is for the most part  ,  flat  .  the perfect place for a little boy in a powerchair  .  my uncle  ,  aunt and grandfather were visiting from their home which is a couple of hours drive  .  my sister and her other half were also there  .  master c had cottoned onto my uncle his great uncle like they were long lost pals  .  everytime my uncle tried to escape  ,  master c would go and grab him again and get him to play  .  as dark fell  ,  the boys and him were up near the gate on the long driveway where they had found that there were shadows that fell onto the fence  .  my uncle was making shad	place large area part place home great long play long found making	expand
154953	originally but by the time i got home i felt like i had been in a car accident  .  i guess it was a plane accident lol  !  i had a little bit of whiplash feeling in my neck  .  i still think it was really weird how it was my right side i hit and the left side that hurt  .  today my head still hurts a bit  .  where i know i hit my head my temple does not hurt  ,  no bump or anything but about inches back on my head i have a bump that i have had for about years  .  one dr called it a bone bruise  ,  another dr called it a calcium deposit  .  it resulted from a hard hit to the head when i was  .  it sometimes panics a new hairdresser to feel the bump but it is nothing  .  it never bothers me unless i bump it or i really rub on it and then it just hurts a bit  .  yeah  ,  i know  -  do n't rub it  ,  but sometimes i do like i think i can make it go away or something  .  but anyway  ,  last night i rolled over on that side of my head and said  "  ouch  "  it still really hurts today in that spot  ,  even if i a	time home bit side side today head bit head back head years called called head bit make side head today	expand
166574	 .  we should have gotten pulled over by the cop that passed  ,  but we were so lucky going like ish i baked oatmeal chocolatepeanut butter chip cookies for them  .  they keep telling me i should open up a bakery  .  i love to bake  ,  but if i were to open a bakery i would probably either lose my love for cookies or get fat as hell  .  then after eating dinner we drove out to campwood  ,  tx  .  we kind of ran about town meeting up with random people  .  we finally all met at the get - n - go and drove out to roaring springs  .  the tents were already set up when we got there  ,  which was nice  .  we unloaded all our stuff  ,  including a cooler full of beer  ,  and then we drank  .  i drank way too much  .  we were playing categories or kings or whatever you call it  .  and i was kicking ass until i started to get drunk  .  .  .  then i get even more drunk  .  i made up the coolest rule  !   !  we had to say  "  for those who are about to rock  ,  we salute you  !   "  and salute before you drank  .  then sean added  "  ladies  "  to	open love open love town meeting people set including full call made	expand
161307	that i 've been talking about for a year and putting off in other news when we were driving to costco earlier this week kaden told me  ,   "  kaden happy  .   "  what music to my ears  !  kaden likes going to costco  .  he also told me he was walking  .  since he was strapped into his carseat at the time i asked him where he was walking and he said  ,   "  in the store  .   "  i think he was trying to tell me that he wanted to walk and not ride in the cart  .  thankfully he rode in the cart for me just fine  !  phew  !  kaden is talking more and more  .  it is so much fun to have conversations with him  .  matt likes to talk to him each night about what he did during the day  .  kaden is becoming more and more able to fill in the details  .  today in nursery they were impressed that kaden could say hippopotamus  .  i 'll have to get it on video for you  .  they were also impressed with him for not pushing and using his words today  .  i guess another girl in nursery stole his toy  .  usually kaden would push back and ste	year news week told music told time day details today today back	expand
155311	 .  more than a dozen times  .  with his cute baby chuckling and my insane mommy laughter and loud shouting of boo  !  i probably looked stupid to everyone else  ,  but i really did n't give a shit  .  we were having fun and papanash was relishing at how fast his little boy was growing  .  then the sweetest thing happened  .  the boy stopped playing  ,  walked nearer to me using the chair 's armrest as support  ,  and stretched his tiny hand all the way up trying to reach my face  .  i bent down and let his hand caress my face  .  and as his twinkling eyes stared straight into mine  ,  i knew exactly what he was trying to say  .  mommy  ,  i love you  .  i kissed his sweaty forehead and told him  ,  i know you love me  .  i love you very much too  .  he smiled at me  ,  baring his new tooth  ,  and went back to his peekaboo position to ready for more fun  .  i  ,  on the other hand  ,  was ready to shed tears of joy  .  papanash smiled at me and nodded  ,  acknowledging the fact that he had seen how joshua just expressed his lo	times give fun support hand face hand face love love love back position fun hand fact	expand
162432	ing my roommate i have n't seen in months  .  .  .  i mean i 've seen her for a hot minute here and there but other then billy joel we really have n't hung out  .  she started her lsat class this week so friday was sorta our last night together before she starts living in the library  .  we headed up to mr .  nice guy 's bar where bree 's brother was 'tending  .  i somehow got trashed note bree 's brother was making me pint glass sized vodka drinks and next thing you know i 'm around the corner in a doorway making out with a dude who was a super senior in college when i was a freshmen  .  i stumbled back around the corner where mr .  nice guy caught me and said  ,   "  irish who the hell were you just with  ?   !   ?   !   "  i tried to play it off like i was making an important phone call but apparently he knows me better then that  .  .  .   "  i 'm standing here till i see who comes around the corner  !   "  luckily super senior went the long away around the block  ,  prob to make a shady drug deal or something because i	months week mr making making back mr play making important call long make	expand
164050	r and he 's passing us  ,  smiling  ,  his girlfriend leans over and flips us her middle finger  .  today the looks on his and her face were priceless  ;  his happy then horrified  ,  hers angry and snide  .  we tried to catch up to them  ,  but it was n't happening  .  i tried to call him all day  ,  and finally got hold of him late at night  ,  and she hung up the phone on us  .  tired of being a push over and tired of people walking on me  ,  i went to his house  ,  which is where i went wrong  .  she was drunk as they come  ,  and he came down to apologize to me for her flipping me off  ,  and she came down and got in his grill about him being a weak man  .  that got me angry because rodney was the nicest guy i knew  .  she left  .  we listened to her circle the block  ,  and she came back in  ,  got in my face  ,  so i shoved her  .  that was my second mistake  .  he has n't spoken to me since  .  it has been  .  .  .  years  ?  i have forgiven myself for those choices  .  i tried to get in touch with him after that  ,  but he was with	today face call day people house man left back face years	expand
156449	houston  -  exxon mobil reported second - quarter earnings of  .  billion thursday  ,  the biggest quarterly profit ever by any u .  s .  corporation  ,  but the results fell well short of wall street expectations and shares fell in premarket trading  .  the world 's largest publicly traded oil company said its net income for the april - june period came to  .  a share  ,  up from  .  billion  ,  or  .  a share  ,  a year ago  .  revenue rose percent to  .  billion from  .  billion in the year - earlier quarter  .  excluding an aftertax charge of million related to an exxon valdez court settlement  ,  earnings amounted to  .  billion  ,  or  .  per share  .  analyst on average expected exxon mobil to earn  .  a share on revenue of billion  ,  according to a survey by thomson financial  .  the estimates typically exclude one - time items  .  exxon shares fell more than percent  ,  or  .   ,  to  .  in premarket trading  .  original article posted here  .  	billion street world company april june share billion share year billion billion year billion share share billion time posted	expand
160543	 .  he rubbed my clit and it felt so incredibly good in that moment as my nipples throbbed from his earlier assault on them and as i felt his tongue and lips on my neck  .  he spread my legs slightly and began slapping my pussy  .  quickly he had me lay on my back on his bed and he continued slapping my pussy while he kissed me  .  i was writhing in pain immediately  .  he was ramping it up quite quickly and my heart was racing  .  usually i keep my eyes closed when he is hitting me because i ca n't handle actually seeing it makes it harder to endure  .  but his face was right above mine watching my face so i opened my eyes and made eye contact with him briefly  .  that was incredibly intense and i could feel myself slipping away into the sensations  .  he moved quickly then and tied me to the four corners of his bed on my back spread open for him  .  that 's when the big flogger came out  .  it is heavy and thuds more than stings  .  he worked methodically from my legs to my pussy to my stomach to my tits  , 	good quickly back quickly makes face face made contact feel quickly back open big	expand
158643	azy and the relationship was held together mainly by seeing how far  ,  or how low  ,  we could go  .  one of those things you get into in your 's  ,  nuts  .  one night she said  "  i want you to rape me  .   "  i 'm a left wing  ,  bleeding heart type  .  i consider myself a feminist  ,  i 'd sooner cut my arm than hit a woman  .  i was raised by strong women  ,  i ca n't even concieve of committing an act of sexual violence  .  but it got me hard as hell  .  she wanted me to show up one night  ,  she 'd leave the door open  ,  i 'd find her in her robe or night clothes and she 's pretend not to know me  .  i 'd have a knife  ,  i 'd threaten her  ,  slap her  ,  hold her down  ,  fuck her  ,  call her names and treat her like garbage the whole time  ,  cum and leave  .  the night came and i was all but shaking with lust and fear  .  i made her write out a  "  statement of consent  "  and mail it to me  .  poor man 's copyright  .  god  ,  that was so stupid  .  i got to her door  ,  it was open  .  she was sitting there at the kitchen table smoki	night left act show night leave open find night time leave night made god open	expand
159077	t and youd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street so im not moving im not moving police man says son you cant stay here i say someone im waiting for if its a day a month or year got to stand my ground even if it rains or snows if she changes her mind this is the first place she will go cos if one day you wake up and find that your missing me and your heart starts to wonder were on this earth i could be thinking maybe youd come back here to the place that wed meet and youd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street so im not moving im not moving im not moving people talk about the guy thats waiting in on a girl woooaa wooo and i no whos in his shoes put a big hole in his world ooooo maybe ill get famous for the man who cant be moved and maybe you wont mean to but youll see me on the news and youd come running to the corner cos youll know its just for you im the man who cant be moved im the man who cant be moved cos if one day you wake up and find that	street man day year place day find back place street people world man news man man day find	expand
164212	neric  ;  using system  .  text  ;  namespace consoleapplication class program static void main string args list string stringlist new list string  ;  stringlist  .  add  "  hello  "   ;  stringlist  .  add  "  world  "   ;  foreach string str in stringlist console  .  writelinereversestringstr  ;  static string reversestring string str if str  .  length return reversestringstr  .  substring str  .  substring  ,   ;  return str  ;  put a breakpoint on the first line of reversestring and run the program under the debugger  .  when the breakpoint is hit  ,  hover your mouse over the 'str ' variable  ,  and on the datatip that appears right click to bring up the condoc menu  .  you will see the following note the highlighted menu item called  "  make object id  "   .  select that and your datatip will change to show the value of 'str ' to be  "  hello  "   "   .  what 's that  "   "  doing on the end of the value  ?  that 's the object id  .  you can use that	system main list list add add world return return click make change end	expand
161123	hes glaring at me shaking his head wondering why i did what i did disappointment arises  .  damn  ,  i fucked up  .  i apologize repeatedly tried to give him the sad face and reach out to hug him he declines  .  damn  ,  i fucked up  .  he continues to bickerpointing at me expressing his anger  ,  capitalizing he goes for the front door unexpectedly  ,  i cry damn  ,  i fucked up  .  he pauses at the doorstep negativity evaporates from his spine ashamed  ,  i turn away  ,  not ready to endure more with sternness  ,  he says my name  .  damn  ,  i fucked up  .  gently  ,  he turns me around  ,  facing him he wipes one tear away however  ,  unfazed by my grief  ,  he frowns shaking his head once more  ,  he whispers goodbye he continues out the door  .  damn  ,  i fucked up  .  with my head down  ,  i hide my shame with my back turned  ,  i hide my vulnerability with my eyes closed  ,  i hide the reality with my arms crossed  ,  i hide my heart  ,  once again  .  damn  ,  i fucked up  .  	head give face continues front door turn ready head continues door head back heart	expand
168026	fter christmas  ,  and realize that christmas will never be the same to look forward to  ,  again  .  a show portrayed a pregnant year old girl and the boyfriend who was not her baby 's daddy  .  he had told her that he loved her after literally one date  .  eventually  ,  he found out about everything  ,  and it only made him feel even stronger for her that he proposed  .  i had no idea how much my heart could react to that  .  i wanted it  .  i fucking wanted that  .  usually  ,  i never did  .  but at this moment  ,  i knew that  ,  without a doubt  ,  that 's all i needed  .  whomever he talked to about it  ,  he 'd just explain  ,   "  i love her  .   "  each time he said it  ,  i cried harder  .  i could n't even see the television screen  ,  anymore  .  i just listened to the sincerity of his convictions  .  in one part  ,  they were on their way to the clinic  .  he did n't want her to have an abortion  ,  but she was determined  ,  and yelled at him  .  he was in the waiting room when he was called in  ,  because his girlfriend wanted him	show year date found made wanted wanted time part room called wanted	expand
156447	ite an eventful day and to hear her talk about it was just too funny  .  she has a great sence of humor and she is also very straight forward  .  when you combine the two  ,  well lets just say that we havent laughed that much in awhile  .  then when all the kids start in the conversation adding their own thoughts and humor it gets to a point that if you laugh anymore you wont be able to breathe  !   !   !  i love when comedians imitate other people with such humor but when the kids do it  ,  and its spot on  ,  it almost brings tears to your eyes from laughing so hard  .  grandpa was thrilled with all his birthday wishes from everyone here  .  he also got phone calls from all the family  ,  kevins call to him was quite funny as he loves to pick on grandpa and this day was no different  .  when he called to tell him happy birthday and grandpa told him he was looking forward to dinner saturday  ,  kevin said what dinner  ,  grandpa procedes to tell him where and kevin once again acted like he never heard of the plac	day great forward start point love people family call day called forward	expand
160573	dads cat passed away hes been unwell for a few weeks now and was booked in to be put to sleep tomorrow this was a decision grandad never wanted to make it wasnt nice watching thomson unable to move then watching grandad thomson was a stray cat that found my gran and straight away gran was willing to take him in grandad at the time wasnt so sure but my gran always got her own way  !   !  feels like one less thing of grans around the house once home and after speaking to my son who was upset over thompson a friend turned up the kids were messing around and my son throw some bits of cardboard at friend to which my friend chased him into the kitchenthen walked out said sorry to me  ?  and left i went into the kitchen to see where my son was as its unusual for him not to bomb straight back into living room i found him sat on the floor crying turns out my friend had grabbed him on the shoulder pointed a finger in his face and shouted something about him a	put make found time house home son friend son friend friend left son back found friend	expand
161141	o n't u worry .   .  huh .   .  crying would be utterly useless  ,  feeling sad as well  .  .  .  now to vent  .  .  .  i hate his motherfucking guts  ,  his motherfucking fats  ,  his motherfucking shitty face  ,  his motherfucking asshole  ,  his motherfucking words his motherfucking everything  !   !   !  he is one pathetic bastard which i really really hate and would love to run down over and over again using the steam roller people used to tar the roads and i would really like to see his guts spill out right in front of me and i will pull them and chop them up  .  .  .  i would also like to chop him into pieces and feed them to the pigs or wahtever so gruesome only words can describe  .  hahah now i sound insane  .  perfect  .  the thing i hated the most was that he treated me so differently from his gay - like friends  .  i asked him whether he wanted to have breakfast  ,  he just shrugged his fat rounded shoulders and walked away with his belly jiggling as he walked  .  i 'll puke one day seeing him jiggle away and why oh lord  , 	words love run people front words thing friends asked day lord	expand
157850	hat the world had just closed on me  .  i went to walk around bugis yesterday and i ended up in the library  .  i borrowed this book called the getaway and yea  ,  it 's what i needed right then  .  so many things on my mind that i feel like getting away from it all  .  i was still feeling like that till i met fahmi and lina in the evening  .  they certainly made my day  .  of course not forgetting the person who called me then who somehow did cheer me up  .  thanks to you people  .  i went home and finally things turned back to place  .  my mum talked to me and we were alright then  .  before i sleep  ,  i slept with worries again  .  i woke up late  ,  i wanted to run away from the worries  .  somehow my worries went off after i got a message  .  no one likes to worry  .  no one  .  g .  describe  .  daya a super nice friend who is always there  .  dunno how she manages but she does somehow  .  a very good singer too i found this on shing chun 's blog  .  i 'm touched  .  	world book things made day people home things back place good	expand
160940	i hated it  ,  it was time for him to say his goodbyes  .  he told nemo our goldfish goodbye by hugging his bowl  .  how sweet is that  ?   !  he got down on the floor and petted and loved on miss daisy  .  and he and granddad had a sweet moment of saying goodbye  .  the verdict is still out on george 's leg  .  .  .  sometimes it seems much better and then the pain comes back  ?   ?   !   !   .  .  .  so  ,  of course  ,  he could n't make the trip with us  .  landon and i made a quick lunch stop at  "  the love of his life  "  his words  .  cute story i asked him why he called it the  "  love of his life  "  and being the silly year old that he is  ,  he said  "  because she 's so good  "   .  i said  "  she  ?   "   .  he said  "  yep  ,  her first name is bell and her last name is taco and she 's mexican  "   .  oh  ,  how he made me laugh  !  he ate his four tacos and we were on our way  .  landon and  "  the girls  "  i asked him this morning if he was ready to go home and he said  "  not really  ,  but kinda  "   .  i told him i knew the feeling  .  it	time back make made love life asked love life year good made asked home	expand
159949	night it was  .  when the first came on stage i started to weep  ,  when they played safari i just about died  ,  actually if tanya donelly had walked out on stage i probably would have  .  at the end of the night i had the biggest smile on my face  .  what was fantastic though was that they were all just so excited to be there  .  they chatted to the audience  ,  they showed that fine sisterly affection to each other and constantly made each other and all of us laugh  .  at the end kelley walked back on stage with a paperback and gave it to a lady standing beside me as she reminded kelley of an old room mate and it was taking up space in her bag  !  how cool was that  ?  i just dude  ,  the breeders were just there and i was there and man oh man i saw the breeders  !   !   !   !  to say slightly overjoyed would be an understatement  .  i have looked forward to this night for soo many years now and i was so afraid that they would not meet the expectation i had built in my head but i am so so so so happy to say they	night stage stage end night made end back stage room taking man man night years head	expand
157032	re terr - or - ist  ,  kick them outta herethey wanna kill us on my way back home  ,  i felt i do not know may be scared but i remember i remained silent all day  .  i thought of telling mom what had happened but then i could not  .  the next morning when i got into the school bus it had never happened before i felt that everyone in the bus was staring at me a stare which had accelerated my heartbeat and i couldnt breathe properly  .  it had been more than a week that my friends were not talking to me they said you are a muslim and muslims are terr - or - ists  .  muslim  ?  yes  ,  my mom had told me that i was a muslim i accompanied my father to the mosque sometime and my mom had told me to speak the truth and never steal  ,  muslims should not do so thats all i knew  .  i had no clue as to what was happening  .  whatever it was  ,  it scared me  ,  it scared me so much that i could hardly talk or smile  .  and i was lonely lonely and scared  .  a week passed like that and this word terr - or - ist	back home day thought school bus bus week friends told told week word	expand
170207	only that  ,  it was a man i did n't know  !  my heart stopped and my stomach twisted as this unknown man kissed my right cheek and asked  ,  are you ladies here for a convention  ?  yes  ,  i answered in a strangled yelp  .  by this time  ,  i was practically in tiff miller stockton 's lap  ,  who had the misfortune of being seated to my left  .  that 's what we thought  .  the man probably in his late thirties with thinning blonde hair and light eyes okay  ,  i may be making this part up because i really did my best not to look at him smiled and walked across the room to rejoin his two male companions  .  my hands flew to cover my mouth oops  ,  floating body part let 's see the tide of emotion overwhelmed me in a patchwork of shock and utter astonishment oh  ,  wait  ,  that's a mixed metaphor anyway  ,  i put my hands attached to my body by my arms over my mouth and looked across the table at brandilyn  .  apparently  ,  the expression on my face was her undoing  -  she laughed so hard tears formed i	man man time left man light making part room body part put body hard	expand
154723	in a  - year - old woman  .  the patient came to our hospital days after consulting another clinic  ,  where a diagnosis of locally advanced breast cancer suitable for neoadjuvant chemotherapy had been made  .  core needle biopsy under ultrasonographic guidance revealed invasive carcinoma  .  the doubling time of the tumor progression was calculated as days based on ultrasonographic measurement  .  after three cycles of chemotherapeutic regimens consisting of adriamycin plus docetaxel  ,  the disease was judged to be progressive and the patient underwent surgery  .  definitive histopathological examination revealed primary small - cell neuroendocrine carcinoma  .  local and mediastinal recurrence with multiple liver metastases developed only weeks after surgery  .  cisplatin plus irinotecan combination chemotherapy was started  ;  however  ,  the patient died of aggressive recurrent tumor progression months after surgery  ,  in spite of the transient tumor regression achieved by chemotherapy  .  this cas	year patient days made time days based patient small local weeks patient months	expand
156930	that at some stage  ,  she would cock - fuck my ass  .  and soon it came to pass  .  after a long session of finger - fucking she grabbed me by the hair and twisted my face towards her  .  she looked deep into my eyes  .   -  you want to get fucked up the ass  ,  boy  ?  yes  ,  i wanted to get ass - fucked by this beautiful creature  .  she placed her cockhead at my asshole and slowly began to enter me  .  i was still relaxed and began to take her in  .  i felt like i was going to explode  ,  but i was stubbornly determined to accept her and to give her  ,  and both of us pleasure  .  deeper and deeper she went in and i took all of her  .  but she then pulled out  .  she finger - fucked me again  ,  and then put her cock in again  .  by this time i was completely relaxed  .  she then used her fingers again  ,  and only on the third time did she actually begin to fuck my ass  .  when she started  ,  i though i was going to die  ,  but the waves of pleasure began to engulf me and i began to yell encouragement  .  this just felt so good  .  the w	stage long face began began felt give put time time started began began felt good	expand
164829	w that she 's grabbing things  ,  she 'll work out how to play with stuff  .  go here  ,  click on dragobert  ,  then go to page and it 's at the bottom of the page i missed the train to come home  ,  and did n't want to wait mns for the next one  ,  so  ,  as there was a bus  ,  i hopped on that  .  it was a z rather than a v  ,  however  ,  so i ended up having to walk home from colovrex  .  not a problem  ,  if i had n't been carrying the shopping -  but as i got off the bus  ,  a little portuguese lady took my bags from me  ,  and insisted on carrying them the whole way to just above where i live  .  very very sweet of her  ,  especially as the bag was totally awkward -  one of those bags that drags on the ground  .  home  ,  footled whilst babe played and gurgled  .  .  .  mr came home  ,  played with her for a bit  ,  then i put her down for the night  .  she took very little time to go down  .  and  ,  really  ,  we had a lovely day  ,  the two of us  .  i came out and said to mr that i could n't believe how lucky we are with	work play click page page home home live home mr home put time day mr	expand
164621	him  .  ster came out later and was just talking with us  .  we were out in the yard until around am  ,  lol  .  amazingly enough with all that i drank i did n't get spinny or sick  .  also my dad 's dog is blind now  .  ca n't see a thing  .  she refuses to eat regular doggy food now and wants the soft canned kind and is drinking water like it 's going out of style  .  she also will not whine when she wants out to pee anymore  .  she just pees on the floor  .  .  .  not cool  ,  but ca n't spank the grandma dog for that  ,  because she might break  .  grandma waite is in the hospital after a heart attack  .  dad is scared she 's going to die soon and i ca n't bring myself to visit her in the hospital  .  thinking about it freaks me out  .  i 'm lame  .  .  .  but i ca n't stand it when she does n't feel well  .  it makes me feel all nasty inside  .  we 're having a party on sat for christine 's b - day  .  mom says it 's kinda for me too but i think that 's total bullshit  .  whatever  .  .  .  i like christine  ,  she treats me like her frie	ca food water ca hospital ca visit hospital ca feel makes feel party day total	expand
155303	and one of the only people who loved me solely for who i was  .  and the truth is  ,  he did  .  he did n't want anything from me he truly adored me  .  but i could n't reciprocate  .  and for that reason  ,  i broke his heart  .  i 'm really going to miss you  ,  he said to me as he clutched me  ,  hugging the breath out of me  ,  his tears dampening my shirt  .  this is n't the end  ,  douglas  ,  i said  ,  trying to quell his sobs  .  it does n't have to be  .  but it is  ,  he replied  .  i know it is  .  i 've lost you  .  i did n't know what else to say but to hug him  .  you really need to leave now  ,  he said  .  i could tell he was going to break down  .  you really do  .  he released his grip on me  ,  and covered his face  .  i 'm sorry  ,  douglas  .  i really am  .  i turned around and walked towards the door  .  he rushed to me and hugged me one more time and said  ,  i love you  ,  rey  .  i really really do  .  and then he pushed me out  .  at that moment  ,  i felt like the biggest prick in the world  .  sometimes  ,  those	people reason heart end lost leave face time love world	expand
158921	he was with some reporter and tour crew so i did n't expect he would see me  .  suddenly he turned his eyes to my side and found me  .  i could explain the change in his facial expression coz he sent me a big smile with a huge wave  ,  calling my nick name loudly from a distance  "  xxxx  .   "  i waved back and shouted  "  hi  ,  long time no see  !   "  then he quickly walked towards me from the crowd  .  to my surprise  ,  after we shook hands  ,  he offered me a big and tight hug without any hesitation  .  we shook hands then we hugged  .  the whole process was so natural that it was just like an old friends gathering again  .  he asked me where did i sit the day before and where would i sit today  ,  even joked at me for not responding to his need of chinese translation on the stage in aug 's performance  .  the conversation was short but impressive with seeing his warm smile and hearing his humorous jokes  .  yesterday 's performance was such big success  .  i know he worked very hard for that  ,  which moved	found change big back long time big process day today performance performance big	expand
156721	l be  "  curry day  "  on this blog through the month of july  ,  so here 's a recipe for a quick and easy vegetable korma for busy weeknights  .  it 's a vegetarian meal made entirely from ingredients at trader joe 's  -  -  frozen vegetables  ,  plain yogurt and tj 's korma simmer sauce  .  served with tj 's frozen garlic naan  .  tj 's vegetable korma  - ounce jar trader joe 's korma simmer sauce  - ounce bag cauliflower florets medium zucchini  ,  unpeeled  ,  diced into half - inch chunks bag organic foursome peas  ,  green beans  ,  carrots  ,  corn cup plain yogurt pour korma sauce in a wide  ,  large saucepan over medium heat  .  add cauliflower  ,  zucchini  ,  peas  ,  green beans and carrots  .  stir until all ingredients are coated  .  once simmering  ,  cover pan and turn heat to medium low  .  simmer for to minutes or until cauliflower and carrots are tender  .  mix in yogurt  ,  bring to a simmer again  ,  and remove from heat  .  serve with trader joe 's frozen garlic naan  .  	day july easy made half green wide large green low minutes	expand
164220	r the sauce tbsp cold butter  ,  cut into tablespoon sized pieces tbsp minced shallots tbsp minced fresh ginger cup dry white wine cup pink grapefruit juice cup low salt fish stock or clam juice i used kitchen basics seafood stock sea scallops tsp curry powder salt and pepper tbsp butter grapefruit wedges tincow and i fail at cutting grapefruit wedges  .  the sauce was distracting tbsp minced fresh chives plus some whole ones method to make the sauce  ,  melt tbsp butter over medium high heat in a heave saucepan  .  add shallots and ginger  ,  and saute for to minutes  .  add wine and reduce to a glaze  .  add grapefruit juice and stock  ,  and bring to a boil  .  reduce heat to a simmer and reduce the sauce by half  .  strain and return to the pan  .  remove from heat and whisk in butter tbsp at a time  .  keep warm  .  in a large bowl  ,  combine scallops  ,  curry powder  ,  salt  ,  and pepper melt the tbsp butter in a medium or large saute pan over medium high	cup cup cup stock stock make high add minutes add reduce add stock reduce reduce return time large large high	expand
166423	ty blah blah blah  .   "  i told him i knew plenty of musician type guys and not to worry  .   "  why ca n't you just date a normal guy  ,  whats wrong with you  ?   "  ha  .  then i went off  .  i told him i 'd been with  "  normal  "  guys and that they 're no better  .  in fact worse  .  i said that if i were to be cheated on by somebody i 'd rather it be the musician having it thrown at him  ,  than the office guy leering at every skirt that walked past him  .  i said that of men were garbage anyways  ,  he agreed  .  gee ya think dad  ?  i mean being one of them and all  ?  fuck  !  oh and i forgot the most haha fuckyourselfdouche moment at the funeral on monday  .  a woman named edie came up to me and my dad saying hi to him and asking if the behemoth pallbearer was in fact greg  ,  my brother  .  yes he was  .   "  omg i would recognize him anywhere he looks exactly the same  "  to which my dad said oh and this is my daughter dede  .   "  omg dede  ,   "  she looks me up and down  .   "  you i would have never in a million years recogni	told type date normal told normal fact office past men fact million years	expand
154540	of the best managed fisheries in the world and i feel it 's important to know where the seafood comes from  .  i prefer to buy domestic seafood when possible  .  one of the best ways get high quality  ,  domestic  ,  sustainable seafood is to go to local fishermen  .  the positiveness of domestic seafood sustainability  ,  is it 's local  ,  it 's fresh  !  i wish i lived closer to new orleans right now  .  the louisiana seafood promotion marketing board lspmb and noaa national oceanic and atmospheric association are presenting the fifth annual great american seafood cook off aug  -  at the new orleans morial convention center within the louisiana foodservice expo and the gulf coast seafood pavilion  .  i would like to go to learn some seafood cooking techniques  ,  and my husband would love a chance to do the tasting like i said earlier  ,  i try to have some kind of seafood once a week  .  here is my shrimp alfredo recipe  .  share you favorite recipe in a comment and i will pick the one i like	world important high quality local local national association great love week	expand
156782	he again  ,  spoke to me rudely  ,   "  manah sudah duit sayah  ?  where 's my money  ?   "  with that pilak accent again  .  .  .  i didnt want to look at his ugly face  ,  told him that i have given it to the waiter  .  then i noticed that he was gripping few rms on his left hand .   .  so  ,  i thought that maybe it was his money that dropped to the floor  .  .  .  but it was wierd the way he spoke and approached to me  .  .  .  after kfc  ,  we went to tongs supermarket  .  spent at least an hour there browsing and selecting some clothes  ;  went to the cashier for payment .   .  my blood did rushed  ,  as i was going through my bag more like lil c 's bagpack  .  .  .  i couldnt find my purse  .  i stopped and started thinking again .   .  and searched  .  .  .  nope  .  .  .  my purse wasnt there  !   !   !  i try not to panic coz i didnt want to lose focus on lil c .  told the cashier what could have happened and left the supermarket  .  where could it be  ?  did i misplace it somewhere  .  .  .   ?   ?  taking a deep breath  ,  carrying lil c in my arms  .  .  .  i thought	money face told left hand thought money find started focus told left taking thought	expand
158165	her rounded bottom  .  the two of them collapsed in a heap  ,  him with his head between her tits  .  they remained stuck like this for what seemed an age so i had another glass of wine  .   "  i must n't be too late home  ,   "  mm mumbled  ,   "  in case tommy comes home after all  .   "  she struggled to her feet naked with her tits wobbling like jelly  .  she made her way over to me and bent to kiss my cheek  .  i reached for her tits and suckled on one of the nipples while i made myself cum again  .  the husband had phoned for a taxi for her and she got dressed  ,  leaving soon after  .   "  fuck  ,   "  said the husband  ,   "  did you see her fucking nipples  .  .  .  fucking hell  .   "  he has a limited vocabulary after a few drinks  .   "  fuck me  ,   "  i said and got undressed  .  he did his best but the drink  ,  and already having had sex  ,  made him a bit flaccid  .  i managed to squeeze his cock into my wetness and  ,  as i 've already said  ,  he did his best  .  i orgasmed anyway but could have done with a big cock in my pussy  .  we then w	head age glass late home case home made made limited made bit big	expand
162446	u know how the girls do it  .  but at it wasnt cute  .  she passed cute inches ago  .  this was just strange  .  sexy worked for her  ,  but cute did not at all  .  so there was this trip we took camping  .  we met up with some of her friends and just camped out for a week  .  a short week  .  like days .  i swear to god  .  i left with my girlfriend and came back home with someone that looked like my werewolfish older brother  .  to be blunt  ,  she did not look very good when we stayed home  .  maybe thats why she always wanted to go out  .  but getting to know this woman behind clothes doors made me realize what a hairy brute she was  .  ugly personality  .  always a me first attitude  .  but the sex was awesome  .  we got real aggressive in bed  .  me  ,  attempting to throw her around and her with all that body and those long legs  .  she had some strange tits  ,  but im more of an ass man so i overlooked it  .  but that was an amazing ass  .  there was a little hair on that ass too  ,  just for conversations sake  .  l	week week days god left back home good home made long man	expand
155065	to fuck me she would have to come the next day when she was sober and left  .  am the next morning there was a knock at my door  .  she told me how her husband never told her that she was beautiful and she was  .  a lot of guys hit on her at the pub even when her husband was around who looked more like her father  .  her never made love to her naked  ,  in fact insisted she had to be covered the whole time and it never lasted more that ten minutes or until he came then went to bed  .  she had never had an orgasm  .  he was the second person she had been with ever since selling her soul the first time so she never really experienced the sex she heard about  ,  and she knocked on my door  .  she didn t leave my bed until she had to get home at pm and it went on for the next years  ,  and three grand kids i introduced her to a world of uninhibited sex before i had to make a decision  .  she came to me one day and told me she wanted to leave her husband to be with me  .  i think that is one of the things t	day left told told made time time leave home years world make day told leave	expand
155313	n me all of the signs of interest like excuses to talk to me  .  fidgeting around me  ,  nervous around me  ,  gave me a nickname  ,  but she stares at me alot and the stares have been going on for years  .  she even flirted with me a few times  .  i told her i liked her months ago  ,  and she smiled when i told her  .  she would smile when i would approach her and she told me she wanted to start out as friends  ,  and get to know me  ,  and she would like to hang out with me  .  we would n't walk much so we would stare at each other alot  .  she asked me to dance with her at a dance at school  .  also  ,  i found out she tells her family about me  .  these signs show without a doubt that she likes me but  ,  ever since i told her i liked her months ago she 's been talking about me with her friends  ,  but her friends tell me that she says she 's what ever about me and she tells her friends she never knew me or talked to me  .  what 's up with her  ?   ?  	years times told months told told start friends school found family show told months friends friends friends	expand
162975	n easy recipe from my mother - in - law  ,  and i do believe this was her mother 's recipe  ,  also  .  the pie shell is a meringue crust  .  for my husband this recipe is a must and comfort food for memorial day  ,  independence day  ,  and labor day  .  it means summer is here  ,  and evokes all sorts of cozy family summer memories  .  the shell is n't pure meringue  ,  as the crackers and nuts add some docure  .  the contrast of the crunchy shell and sweet smooth whipped cream and blueberries makes a delicious summer treat  .  shell egg whites  ,  beaten stiffly teaspoon cream of tartar pinch salt cup sugar cup rolled soda crackers teaspoon vanilla teaspoon baking powder cup nuts  ,  chopped filling pint whipping cream teaspoons powdered sugar  ,  to taste flavoring vanilla  ,  cognac  ,  other liqueur optional  ,  to taste quart fresh blueberries or other berries preheat oven to degrees  .  beat egg whites and cream of tartar and pinch of salt until stiff peaks form  .  gradually	easy law food day day day means summer family summer add summer cup cup cup form	expand
157932	mom  .  when she came in  ,  the kids were very happy to see her  .  they busted out all their tricks so they could show off for her  .  it was fine until livie busted out the one trick i 'd hoped she would n't  .  yeah  .  that one  .  and then jack got in on the action  ,  too  .  it was a nonstop fuck - you - fuck - him - fuck - her shouting match between the kids  .  now  ,  jack and liv were laughing while they were saying it  ,  so it was in no way malicious  ,  even if livie was pointing her finger at my mother - in - law  .  the kids just thought it was hysterical  .  my mother - in - law was n't as amused  ,  telling them  ,   "  now  ,  that 's not a nice thing to say  .   "  and my poor beet - red husband had to try to get them to stop saying it  .  lucky for me  ,  the phone rang  .  i quickly ran outside so i could talk to my brother on the other line  ,  telling him what was happening in the house  .  all the while  ,  laughing my ass off  .  i bet she 's really glad he married me  .  after all  ,  i am an english teacher  ,  you know  .  they were usin	show action mother law thought mother law red phone line house english	expand
157968	to take my grandbeans on a trip to visit their great - grandparents and great - uncle  ,  and we were gone for six days .  a wonderful young man who lives nearby  -  named james  -  made sure that no kitty in this household went hungry or had a dirty litterbox  .  he even expected to play with them and their twine toys and such  .  however  .  .  .  time after time  ,  when james came to our house  ,  all three kitties were in hiding  .  my grandbeans ' mom came over on saturday and managed to find grace and audace  ,  and they greeted james after that  ,  but ruse stayed in hiding the entire time  .  once i returned home  ,  they all came out to see what was happening  -  -  all that luggage  ,  you know  ,  with those interesting smells all over the place  !  they gave me their backs for a while  ,  but by the next morning they had forgiven me  .  or maybe they just got hungry  ,  i 'm not sure  .  anyway  ,  we 're pretty much back to normal now  .  .  .  whatever normal is around here  !  	great great young james made time time james house find james time home place back	expand
168164	ly one really stood out  .  he was tall  ,  sweet looking  ,  and was wearing a brawny man red plaid shirt  .  even now  ,  she ca n't recall any details about the other guys  -  only him  .  but even as she flirted and tried to get his attention  ,  he never really seemed to respond  .  so she asked her co - worker about him and he said  ,   "  he only likes redheads  .   "   "  oh really  !   "   ,  she thought  ,   "  we 'll see about that  !   "   .  and still  ,  the hard headed lug did n't pay her any attention  .  the guys ate and left and the girl was left scratching her head and confused about why the  "  brawny man shirt guy  "  did n't notice her  .  yeah i know  -  she was a bit full of herself  .  so time went by and she would see  "  the brawny man shirt guy  "  every so often and still  ,  he never really paid her any special attention  .  she finally brushed him off to being shy  ,  having a girlfriend or wife  ,  or even being gay  .  because lord knows  ,  it could n't be because he just was n't interested  -  heh  !  and we really should n't for	man details attention hard pay attention left left head man full time man special attention	expand
159517	my hood when she strapped me to the cross  .  i said no because i do n't want people to think i can only play hooded  .  the real answer is yes because i love my hood and it mentally puts me where i want to be  .  there was a girl beside me being very loud with silly screaming  .  laughing screaming  .  i like getting like that too  ,  but she was way loud  .  mistress put the hood on me and it was much better  .  the hood is a funny thing  .  we seldom see them out at an event like this and that is why i was reluctant when destiny wanted to put it on  .  it almost seems out of place  .  we wonder if it scares people  .  i do n't want to be scary  .  the dungeon monitor guy came up to destiny and asked if i could hear through it  .  she told him yes  ,  and i can a little  ,  but we were amused by his question  .  i guess its about safety  .  still i ca n't help but think the hood affects people  .  it affects me with a feeling of peace  .  i am seldom happier than when i am in my hood  .  am i taking shyness to new levels  ?  i	people play real love put event put place people safety people taking levels	expand
160330	ricks this weekend  ,  including hypnotic suggestion  ,  but none of them worked  .  last night  ,  after i moved l .  from the hallway back into his room  ,  i leaned over him in the dark  .  you love your room  ,  i whispered into his ear  .  l .  rolled over and waved his hand around  .  your bed makes you feel safe  .   .  .  .  if you wake up you 'll go back to sleep  ,  in your safe  ,  warm bed  .   .  .  .  you feel happy at night  .  then i went to bed myself  ,  feeling suddenly very sleepy  .  at two a .  m .  i was woken by t .   ,  who  ,  per her goal chart  ,  had gotten up to use the potty  .  i listened out for l .  and did n't hear a peep  .  i sat up in the dark and looked over to the other side of scott  ,  where l .  usually squeezes in to sleep  .  no l .  i woke again at and peered into the dark  .  i could have sworn i heard l .  breathing  ,  but i did n't see him next to scott  ,  so i lay back down  ,  scarcely daring to hope that maybe  ,  miracle of all miracles  ,  l .  was still in his bed  .  asleep  .  when my alarm rang at  ,  though  , 	including night back room dark love room hand bed feel back bed feel night bed dark side dark back bed	expand
161168	op hooking up with girls .   .  so anyways  .  i hung out with him with my friends and he tried hooking up with me but for some reaosn i wasnt really attracted to him enoguh to do it  .  so i dtidnt .   .  and then after that i had chancese to hook up with him but i didnt want to  .  .  .  but then  .  i hung out with him and this time he wasnt all over me so i was kinda getting mad and then went all over him .   .  we were gunna hook up but didnt .   .  then i haerd that he liked this girl whitch got me mad and jealous .   .  so i was kinda being a bitch to him and then we talked .   .  i told him i might like him but my feelings for him are confusing  .  and he said that he  "  he guess he likes me  "   .   .  so idk what that means  .  but he said he wants to get to know me better and hang out .   .  im scared that im gunna hang uot wtih him and not like him because i was just jealous he didnt want me and jealous he liked someone else .   .  what should i do and what do you think my feelings are toward him  ?  	girls friends time mad girl mad told feelings guess means im im feelings	expand
159577	in the corner to congratulate her  .  i grinned and told her i was very impressed  .  and its true shes growing up and i continue to be a bit awed by this amazing little girl in our family  .  shes smart and funny and very sweet  .  and sensitive  .  my feelings are hurt  ,  she told me when i followed her down the hall  .  little one has taken to ducking her head and moving away from the family when she takes offense to something  .  how come  ?  i asked  ,  lying on the bed next to where she buried her face in the pillow  .  i smoothed her hair  ,  a brown tangle of lovely curls  ,  and waited for her to answer  .  my daddy doesnt love me  ,  she confessed softly  ,  lifting her head to meet my eyes  .  i frowned and cuddled her close  ,  immediately disagreeing  .  no  ,  she persisted  .  he gets real mad sometimes  .  i know  ,  i said  ,  biting back my thought that hes kind of an idiot  .  but he gets mad at me all the time and he still loves me  .  and sometimes i dont like what he does  ,  but i	told family told head family love head meet close real back thought time	expand
154618	ut the snow  ,  the leaves  ,  the rain  ,  and the sun  .  she was the one who taught me all the bad words i knew  .   "  exactly  ,  i have it all booked  ,  just need to get the old bird in the car  .   "  i loved the old sayings grandpa had always said  .  when i was younger  ,  hearing him call grandma a bird used to send me into a fit of giggles  .  i 'm really going to miss those talks  .  i know it 's horrible of me  ,  but the whole week i 'd been out there in their house  ,  all i 'd wanted was to go home  .  i wanted to be alone  .  now i was home  ,  a small studio apartment i shared with all my belongings  .  i missed my family thought  .  i wished i had n't of left so quickly  ,  leaving them to pack up grandma 's cloths  ,  and grandpa 's books  .  i dropped my bags in the living room and sat heavily on the huge blue couch i could n't get ride of  ,  the couch i mean  ,  i loved laying on it  .  i 'd had it sense i had been born i think  .  i know most kids had stuff animals or blankets that they carry with them through out t	car call week house home home small family left books room	expand
157828	kaan yalcin gedici it kills me to say this but one day i know will come a time when i must let you go the time will come and i always knew it and no matter how it hurts me i must do it i must smile and let you walk away but i dont want to think about that day i want to love you all i can want to dream youll always be my man want to hold you every night want to pretend its all alright so i put on my blinkers and do not see i just want to hold you close to me want to make memories to never forget want to take of you all i can get want to look back one day on this time spent with you and smile and remember that i once loved you and when i remember i want to be glad that this was the best time that i ever had i will treasure each moment  ,  every kiss  ,  every touch  .  so that when you are gone i wont miss you as much maria httpwww . crossdaily . comcardsviewcard . php  ?  cardid 	day time time day love man hold night put hold make back day time remember remember time	expand
168735	 .  cook minutes  .  turn the heat to low and whisk in the cocoa powder  .  simmer minutes more  .  remove from heat and add the chocolate  .  stir until melted and then whisk in the orange zest and vanilla  .  scrape the mixture into a bowl or pitcher and place in the refrigerator until thoroughly cold i put it in the freezer if i want to cool it off quickly  !   .  add the clear jel  ,  if you are using it  ,  to the center of the cooled mixture  .  mix the clear jel in with an immersionstick blender until smooth  .  prepare your ice cream maker and add the mixture  .  freeze according the the directions that go with your machine  .  scoop the mixture into a container and freeze until firm  .  servings yield quart nutrition facts nutrition per cup serving  .  calories  ;  calories from fat  ;   . g total fat  ;   . mg cholesterol  ;   . mg sodium  ;   . mg potassium  ;   . g carbohydrates  ;   . g fiber  ;   . g sugar  ;   . g net carbs  ;   . g protein  ;   .  points  .  bryanna's green tea and k	minutes turn low minutes add place put add clear clear add total points green	expand
164170	ior orientation was whatever  .  it really made me realize how little friends i have in my class  .  like  ,  the ones i did  ,  im now scared to go up and talk to because sarah is there with them  .  she said hi to me today though so i gave her a small hug  .  and maria too  .  and now i heard maria is coming to charter which kinda ruined my plan of being happily with all of my friends while sarah is stuck without jordan  .  but that was wrong of me to even want her to be lonley  .  i love sarah even though she really hurt me  .  i dont know if i could be good friends with her ever again  .  we would just need to sit down and talk about things but idk  .  i can always be just aquaintance friends i guess  .  whatever  .  and im slowly accepting the fact that you are leaving for the navy  .  it still upsets me that i will be without you for so so long  .  but im glad that you are happy and excited to be going  .  and bff  ,  i saw you today and you looked happy  .  im glad we are chilling soon  .  	made friends talk today small plan friends love good friends talk things friends long today	expand
161734	me this weekend at the lake  .  i ended up staying in the tent with my best girlfriend and that guy i have been telling you about  .  we did n't end up having a threesome per say but her and i did makeout and lick each others pussies while he watched and stroked his dick  .  she tasted absolutely sweet too mmmm after we made each other cum all over  ,  she snuck back into her own tent and then he wanted to fuck me so bad i could n't believe it  .  he kept telling me how hot we were and that watching us he just wanted to pound me so hard i screamed  ,  but he did n't want to interrupt the show  .  so i pulled on his big dick and told him to pound me now giggles we fucked all night and i was so exhausted and dehydrated in the morning it was crazy  !  i hope we all go to the lake again before the summer is over  ,  and this time i want to watch him fuck my best friend  .  that would be soooo hot  !   -   -  more about lily sample lily 's voice 	end made back wanted wanted hard show big night summer time	expand
165246	n't sleep like i once did  .  for years i 've been able to cat nap when needed  .  i 've often said i could get five winks on an elevator between the first and third floor  .  it has always bothered my wife that ten seconds after my head hit the pillow i was in la la land  .  all that has changed  -  -  for the worse  .  i seem to get four to five hours sleep at most  .  once i awaken i ca n't get back to sleep  .  my mind  ,  such as it is  ,  gets going and i ca n't stop it  .  so if i go to bed at o'clock i 'm wide awake by a .  m .  and i wrestle with the rest of the night  ,  or get up  .  if i stay up until midnight i can often make it to a .  m .  however  ,  last night things changed  .  i just was n't sleepy so i worked in my office until a .  m .  finally feeling a little sleepy i headed to bed  .  my head hit the pillow and my eyes popped open wide  .  i could n't sleep  .  sometime after four i drifted off  ,  fitfully  .  when i got up at a .  m .  my memory said i had n't slept  .  but i was n't tired or sleepy  .  an	years head ca back ca wide night make night things office head open wide	expand
159107	with farmer 's cheese kohupiima - aprikoosivorm serves g fine curd cheesefarmer 's cheese or ricotta large eggs g sour cream tbsp plainall - purpose flour tbsp soft brown sugar tsp vanilla sugar or vanilla extract a cup of sliced fresh apricots cinnamon  ,  for dusting butter for the dish wash and drain the apricots  ,  then halve  ,  remove the stones and cut each apricot halve into three slices  .  butter a medium - sized oven dish  ,  scatter apricots in the dish  .  mix farmer 's cheese  ,  eggs  ,  sour cream  ,  sugar  ,  vanilla sugar and flour in a bowl  ,  until you 've got a uniform batter  .  pour over the apricots or pour the batter in first and then scatter the apricot slices on top  -  it 's up to you  .  dust with some cinnamon and extra sugar  ,  if you wish  .  bake at centigrade for  -  minutes  ,  until the dish is cooked through and it 's golden on top  .  serve warm or cool before serving  .  nami - nami foodblog  ,  nami - nami  .  blogspot  .  com this rss feed is for persona	cheese fine cheese large brown sugar sugar cup cut cheese sugar sugar top extra sugar minutes top	expand
156849	el my orgasm building  ,  hubby began to talk dirty to me  "  you like that big cock in your pussy  ?   "   "  fucking ride me whore  "   "  you gonna cum for me  ,  my dirty girl  ?   "  same old stuff  .  .  .   .  hubby if you 're reading this please think of something new .   .  sorry  .  my pussy couldnt ' stop throbbing  ,  my hands were gripping the bedsheets pulling at them in my fists  .  hubby was thrusting from underneath again  ,  this time he was groaning and moaning while i came  .  he pulled me closer to kiss me again  ,  light little kisses while he thrusted from underneath  .  i had n't stopped moaning from cumming  ,  it seemed as if it plateaued but did n't stop since it was n't long before i was cumming again  .  hubby started to play with my ass  ,  driving me further over the edge  .  i was begging for hubby to cum inside me  ,  i wanted his throbbing cock so much  .  i demanded he be on top of me  ,  right now  !  hubby i positioned ourselves so he was on top and i was on my back  .  he propped one of my legs up by his shou	building big reading stop time light stop long play top top back	expand
161520	t gave his best friend a new mercedes for his birthday  .  the second guy says  ,   "  i was worried about my son too because he started out raking leaves for a realtor  ,  they made him a commissioned salesman  ,  btw he just gave his best friend a new house for his birthday  .  the third guy says  ,   "  yeah  ,  i hear you  .  my son started out sweeping floors in a brokerage firm  .  in fact  ,  hes so rich that he just gave his best friend a million in stock for his birthday  .  vartanik comes back from the can  .  the first explain that they are telling stories about their kids  ,  so he says  ,   "  well  ,  im embarrassed to admit that my son is a major disappointment  .  he started out as a hairdresser and is still a hairdresser after years  .  in fact  ,  i just found out that hes gay and has several boyfriends  .  but  ,  i try to look at the bright side his boyfriends just bought him a new mercedes  ,  a new house  ,  and a million in stock for his birthday 	gave son started made gave house son started fact gave million back son started years fact found house million	expand
163564	could see how i look at him and guess that i am still in love with him or infatuated and addicted  ,  as the case may be  .  i thought she would take me home before he got home from his first day of work in two months  .  but she made dinner  ,  we ate  ,  and just as we were finishing up  ,  he came home  .  he ate and we watched him and talked to him  .  he looked tired  .  he said he needed to blow up the bathroom and take a shower  ,  then he 'd come down and spend some time with us  .  when he came down  ,  he needed to ice his foot and have a captain and coke  .  i helped him set up his chair  ,  get the pillows under his leg  ,  and get the towels and ice just so  .  i made sure his drink was within reach  .  then i sat on the couch in front of liz 's laptop and made comments on spore creatures  .  she cleaned up from dinner  ,  and he fed treats to the dogs  .   "  tell me if you need anything  ,   "  i said  .   "  i 'd be happy to get it  .   "  he looked at me  ,  maybe skeptically  ,  maybe calculatingly  .   "  i 'm serious  ,   " 	case home home day work months made home needed time needed set made made comments	expand
155056	t of fun playing peek - a - boo with it  .  our dinner called for limes last night  ,  the kids thought i was funny when i made 'green ' teeth with my lime  ,  and tobin had some pretty funny faces as he tried to eat his  !  both kids enjoyed the taste of them  !  we have met up with a few neighbors lately for some walks  ,  in one day actually and meeting with my trainer inbetween  ,  lets just say i deserved my shower last night  !   .  i met one neighbor at storytime a few weeks ago  ,  and we were finally able to get together for a walk yesterday  .  we walked to the library for a special story time with a lady that sang about bugs  .  it was quite entertaining to watch abigail and her new friend aydan giggling and dancing  .  abi does n't have a lot of girl friends her age so we are looking forward to seeing aydan more often  !  in the evening we met up with a gal that lives two houses down  .  her daughter georgia is just months younger than tobin  .  we took a walk around the neighborhood  ,  and georgia 's	called night made met day meeting night met special time age met months	expand
169939	in you way across town so do you believe me now i 'm kicking myself for being the one foolish enough giving him the chance to step in my shoes ohhh he was bidin his time when he saw our love was having a moment of weakness he was there between us chorus so do you believe me now i guess i really was n't that crazy and i knew what i was talking bout every time the sun goes down he 's the one that 's holding you baby yeah me i 'm missin you way across town so do you believe me now oh yeah i bet now you see the light oh yeah what 's the use in being right when i 'm the lonely one tonight chorus so do you believe me now i guess i really was n't that crazy and i knew what i was talking bout every time the sun goes down he 's the one that 's holding you baby yeah me i 'm missin you way across town so do you believe me now yeah so do you believe me now yeah every time the sun goes down he 's the one that 's holding you baby yeah me i 'm missin you way across town so do you believe me n	town giving chance time love talking time sun holding baby town light talking time sun holding baby town time sun holding baby town	expand
163029	plain it to donny and she said do you know what an ant is  ?  we stopped at a store for drinks and the boys went in and cristina looked in the bag and said he got you mojitos and i said what the hell  ?  haha we got there and the boys set out setting up our tents  .  .  .  everyone else had gotten there the day before  ,  so they were all set up .   .  max was bbqing  ,  we started drinking  ,  sat around listening to music  .  .  .  it started raining so we played flip cup under the tent  .  .  .  i won the first round  .  .  .  the second round got down to the foulds '  .  .  .  we had to funnel a beer whenever we lost which was dangerous haha  .  .  .  at one point  ,  i ran to the bathroom alone and when i came out  ,  joe was there waiting for me  ,  and i thought that was sooo sweet  .  .  .  luckily we missed the glowstick fight haha  .  .  .  we bbqed more  .  .  .  then we played beruit and once again joe and i were beating everyone  .  .  .  until we played donny and max and donny came over and was knocking our cups down with his hands after th	boys boys set day set started music started played round round lost point thought played played	expand
159587	space to sleep  .  so eventually makarand fell asleep  ,  like he normally doesnt stay up till late  .  and adi i were chatting away into the night  .  at around  .  am or so  ,  i suddenly got the itch to pull a fast one on maku  .  i didnt know what to do  ,  but just wanted to do something  .  and then i pulled down his pants to his knees  .  yes  ,  i did it  .  and no  ,  it wasnt a gay act  .  it was just a prank  .  i pulled it down and adi i started laughing  ,  controlling our laughter  ,  muffled  ,  so maku wouldnt wake up  .  but this wasnt enough  .  i pulled it down even more  .  slowly  .  makarand not suspecting a thing  !  i kept doing this at short intervals of time  .  lower a bit  ,  and then laugh away  .  lower a bit  ,  and then laugh away  .  finally the pant was nearly removed  .  just needed to be tucked off the fingers  .  so close  !  but it had to end  .  maku suddenly got bitten by a mosquito on his thigh  .  and in his sleep itself  ,  he swatted it with his hand  ,  slapping his bare knee  .  o mak	space night act short time lower bit lower bit close end hand	expand
167790	my lovely boyfriend is at hospital and im missing him so tt it 's hard to close my eyes and dream tonight 'cos my mind fulled of him  .  how can i sleep when i know he 's suffering there  .  .  .   ?  at least if i can help nothing  ,  i 'll not let him face it alone anyway damn  ,  i miss him i remember when we were here together those days xd u must not believe  .  .  .  but lil girl like me eat so much a day xd arrrrrrr  .  .  .   .  and i often said in the mean time begged his strong but slim arm that ''honey  .  .  .   .  i 'm hungry  !   !  tt  "  and he 'd stop walking immediately xd he 'd look at me wondefully xd  "  how can u hungry again  ?   !   !   !   !   "   ,  said monster  .  hahhahahaha and i loved to tease him like that ''honey  .  .  .  burger king  .  .  .  ' ' or  "  honey  .  .  .   .  i 'm hungry im hungry  !  ' ' then sometime he turned to me and locked my shoulder with his arms and complained lil funnily like .   .   "  arrrr  !   !   .  .  .   .   .  arrr  !   !   !  u 're hungry again  !   !   ?   ?   ?  we just ate  !   !   !   !   !  ' ' xd xd aw  .  .  .   .  im so worry .   . 	hospital hard close mind face days day time strong king	expand
168889	her legs on my shoulders and started driving as deep as i possible could into that astonishing snatch  .  her pussy ate my cock up and soon we were both panting  .  there was a problem though  ,  with all the booze and the three coffees i had  ,  i just could n't cum again  .  i felt heaviness in my bladder and i knew i had to pee again  .  i kept pounding my wife 's box with my pulsating piston  ,  she was howling she loved it so much  ,  but for me i was just trying to exercise out the need to piss  .  she was now cumming like crazy and was wondering why i had n't spewed yet  .  i told her i really needed to pee  ;  you would n't believe what she said next her eyes got real wide and she looked at me and grabbed my cock out of cunt aiming it at her clit  .  at the same time she took her other hand and started rubbing herself furiously  ,   "  let it go baby  ,  piss on mei want to feel your hot piss all over my pussy  .  come on i know you can do it  .  shower me with your pee  !   "  i was in a state of disbelief  ;  i	started problem box needed real wide time hand started feel state	expand
156088	 .  .   .   .  anyways so the sleepover was funn and then a week went by and i decided to message him on myspace so i said hayy happy th wats up  ?  and he said o god not you too  !   ,   , how many girls in your grade like me  !   ?  and so he wasnt on when i read this so i doced him and i said idk buut alot think ur hott including me and he sent a smiley and asked if i could find out who thinks hes hott so i said well is there anyone in patiuclar  ?  and he said no so i asked some people and everyone said hes a jerk but hes a hot jerk so i ttold him tht and so he was like o  .  .  .  do u think im a jerk hes a player and i said well ur not a jerk to me and he said o and then i said soo wat r u doing anyways and he said im going to a friends and sleeping in his bed  .  .  .  u wish it was your bed and i said soo  !  and so he asked me wat i was doing and i told him and the convo went on and so my friend asked him if he liked me and he said no but shes rele rele nice and so i was kinda sadish and so i doced him	week message god read including asked find asked people friends bed bed asked asked	expand
154674	 ,  ytrapor datetime as begin insert into dbo  .  stistek istekid  ,  istektarihi  ,  konu  ,  oncelik  ,  istek  ,  istek  ,  isteksahibi  ,  sonislemtarihi  ,  istekdurumu  ,  silindi  ,  isteksirketi  ,  istektarihirapor  ,  sonislemtarihirapor  ,  faturalandi  ,  gelistirmeyeri values istekid  ,  tarih  ,  konu  ,  oncelik  ,  istek  ,  istek  ,  isteksahibi  ,  tarih  ,  istekdurum  ,  sifir  ,  isteginsirketi  ,  ytrapor  ,  ytrapor  ,  sifir  ,  sifir end when i try to add data to table with this stored procedure i got this error procedure or function spistekekle has too many arguments specified  .  i am writing code with csharp i execute the code enter the values to the form elements then click the button and got this error  .  i looked to server profiler find the executing stored procedure all the values find its variable so there shouldnt be an error  .  then i execute this code in sql server exec spistekekle istekid 'ers '  ,  tarih ' .  .  '  ,  konu 'ewr r	values end add data writing code code values form click server find values find code server	expand
158964	urday driving by in my parents car we were going to visit my aunt  .  the bench was on a busy corner  ,  near a traffic light  .  when we stopped for the light i looked out the window right at him  .  i was afraid to wave  ,  afraid if my parents saw theyd refuse to let me see him any more  ;  which was what happened  ,  in the end  .  he looked right at me right into my eyes  .  as the car pulled away  ,  i saw him get up and stumble away  .  hed been waiting  ,  you see for me  .  i saw him there on and off for the next several years  .  id finally been forbidden to talk to him  ,  being found out whilst kipping cents for a couple of cokes  .  id ride my bike on the other side of the street  ,  hurrying by very fast  ,  unable to look him in the eye  ,  feeing guilty as hell for abandoning him  .  he never knew why i stopped coming by  .  ive always regretted lacking the courage to defy my parents and just tell him but i was afraid i had good reason to be  .  hed just look at me with those big sad eye	parents car visit light light parents end car years found side street parents good	expand
