	target_text	input_text	prefix
317074	le together a final led zeppelin album which would be called coda .  the recordings were from between and with some fresh overdubs by plant and page where required as followed .  we open with the rocker we're gonna groove which is the same version as it would appear on the led zeppelin dvd and recorded at the royal albert hall in january ,  not morgan studios like the notes stated .  it's the same version as on the dvd but page overdubbed guitar solos in to fill out the songthe overdubs are not on the dvd version and plant's voice went through a phaserunlike teh dvd version .  next is poor tom which is a great countryish outtake from led zeppelin iii .  the song has page playing acoustic guitar over a classic bonzo drum pattern with jonesy filling out the bass and plant singing and playing harmonica .  next is i can't quit you baby which is the same song as on led zeppelin i ,  but on steroids .  harder drumming and more furious guitar singing than on the original .  it has	led called page required open version led dvd january version dvd page dvd version dvd version great led page playing playing led	expand
343982	t and  ,  guitarist jimmy page worked on the soundtrack to death wish ii and robert plant released his solo debut pictures at elevenwhich hit in the us .  also ,  page went through the zep vaults to cobble together a final led zeppelin album which would be called coda .  the recordings were from between and with some fresh overdubs by plant and page where required as followed .  we open with the rocker we're gonna groove which is the same version as it would appear on the led zeppelin dvd and recorded at the royal albert hall in january ,  not morgan studios like the notes stated .  it's the same version as on the dvd but page overdubbed guitar solos in to fill out the songthe overdubs are not on the dvd version and plant's voice went through a phaserunlike teh dvd version .  next is poor tom which is a great countryish outtake from led zeppelin iii .  the song has page playing acoustic guitar over a classic bonzo drum pattern with jonesy filling out the bass	page page led called page required open version led dvd royal january version dvd page dvd version dvd version great led page	expand
333195	lead vocal by roger daltrey ,  and excellent drum playing by ex - small faces drummer kenney jones .  the style and arrangement of john's it's your turn ,  featuring andy fairweather - low playing rhythm guitar ,  sounds a lot like their had enough from the who are you album .  the fast - paced cooks county is excellent with the vocals ,  keyboards ,  drums ,  and bass guitar ,  but the sound of pete guitar could be better on this and other songs .  the title track dangerous ,  eminence front ,  and cry if you want are good ,  but the live versions sound a whoel lot better since pete's guitar and john's bass guitar sound more electrifying ,  the vocals are stronger ,  and the drums sound more powerful .  i've known no war is excellent with the violin from the song the dirty jobs ,  the guitar riffs ,  drums ,  and the bass guitar .  one life's enough is an ok piano ballad with roger's singing ,  and the synthesizers by pete and tim gorman who would play on their farewell tour in  .  john's one at a time is an excellent	excellent playing small playing guitar lot excellent guitar sound guitar good live sound lot guitar guitar sound sound excellent guitar guitar play time excellent	expand
330628	album than some of the reviewers .  dope production ?  ?  in my opinion and it is just mine its the worst of all his albums .  the beats sound like they were rejected by that idiotic rapper  " juvenile "  and royce got a group discount on a quantity amount .  wack is a compliment .  words from the heart .  .  . get .  .  . rid .  .  . of .  .  . th .  .  . july !  !  !  !  apart from nottz tracks and or others from k . i . d . d .  this is a very poor outing indeed .  out of tracks there's about that dont sound like they done by a year exchange student's casio keyboard in his bedroom .  another dissapointing part is royce is starting to sound like a robotic version of all these other gangsta rappers .  normally this cat is iller than most but with nearly every songs subject matter involving drugs ,  guns bies its getting bland .  c'mon duke bring it back to the  " boom "  or even  " hiphop "  days .  bottom line ,  with either nottz or preemo on production you get masterpieces from royce ,  otherwise no thanks .  this is the last royce im wasting my d	production sound group july sound year part sound subject back days line production	expand
296229	hat they want and what they are all about !  !  i love honesty !  !  lol but a couple of things i noticed about them is that is very unique is that i really appreciate they dont curse at all that much ! i hardly heard profanity and i dont remeber hearing them bash women calling them bitches and hoes !  its mainly the grahpic sex they rap about !  !  lol but i love these fools !  im not into rap but i love their style !  their sound is very different from other groups i heard !  !  !  all of them rap and one only sings very well !  which alot of times there all singers and one rapper lol so for there only being one singer and the rest rappers that can really flow wow im very imprssed !  !  but this is def not for children !  ! so from seeing kids reveiws on here shame on parents letting they kids jam to p . r .  they are not kid friendly lyrics !  !  but oh well thats how it is today !  ! lol but in all if you love rb w a hip twist plus love that graphic sex talk than this is for you !  !  if not move along this wont cut it for yo	love things heard women love love groups heard times children parents today love love move	expand
355274	mp ; b elvis , cook , otis , franklin ,  etc , etc .  the commitments cd is the freshests that i have heard in yrs .  how i missed this cd until now blows my mind .  just like the cd .  my favorite is maria doyle doing i never loved a man .  wow !  .  what a soul burner .  the vocals are right there along with the horns .  not attention grabbing but soul carrying .  treat her right is my nd favorite .  roy head is from my area and i use to listen to him in different clubs .  believe it or not but he use to do some mean country and western .  but robert arkins vocal is just fantastic .  robert put more soul into the song and when you mix in the vocals it makes you want to join a soul band .  i kept passing over the maria doyle ,  bye bye baby song .  i started listening closer and this is now my rd favorite song on the cd .  without a doubt the whole cd is what soul is all about .  i would pay money to see them in concert .  a good idea would be to put them on direct tv pay per view .  just like the george thoroughgood concert .  any	cd cd cd man head area country put cd cd pay money good put pay view	expand
318305	s again for a while .  this album ,  has emotion ,  depth ,  thought ,  and humor ,  like the others ,  but it also has their age showing ,  and how they have had the years to think more about what they needed to bring to the table for .  here is the track list and my take on it .   .  intro  .  supa emcees  -  so amazing  .  the bizness featuring common  .  wonce again long island  -  a true classic  .  dinninit  .  brakes  .  dog eat dog  -  insane classic  .  baby baby baby baby ooh baby  .  long island degrees  -  lovely classic  .  betta listen  .  itzsoweezee hot  .  more  .  big brother beat  -  a great song  .  down syndrome  .  pony ride  .  stakes is high  - 	thought age years list common long baby baby baby baby baby long big great high	expand
322136	ve singing all of the harmonies and just rocks .  we then have the country - ish dance dance dance which is country to the core and features some great acoustic work from steve and dobro from john mcfee .  this track was not on the mid - s reissued lp or cassette for some reason but appeared on the original album ,  cassetteand the cassette reissue ,   - track and cdremastered cd version as well .  next is a rockified version of mercury blues which is a great rocking version of the blues standard about the car and steve made the track his own .  the album's second half starts with the rocking first single take the money and run which was a top hit in the summer of  .  the song was a story of a man and woman trying to rob some cash and the song was chosen as a single after kids at an elementary school liked what they heard .  the hit rock 'n me follows and is a great rockersee early in review for song's creation .  next is the remake of the late sam cooke's ballad you send me .  this re	country country great work john version version great version car made single top single school great	expand
307362	different album than some of the reviewers .  dope production ?  ?  in my opinion and it is just mine its the worst of all his albums .  the beats sound like they were rejected by that idiotic rapper  " juvenile "  and royce got a group discount on a quantity amount .  wack is a compliment .  words from the heart .  .  . get .  .  . rid .  .  . of .  .  . th .  .  . july !  !  !  !  apart from nottz tracks and or others from k . i . d . d .  this is a very poor outing indeed .  out of tracks there's about that dont sound like they done by a year exchange student's casio keyboard in his bedroom .  another dissapointing part is royce is starting to sound like a robotic version of all these other gangsta rappers .  normally this cat is iller than most but with nearly every songs subject matter involving drugs ,  guns bies its getting bland .  c'mon duke bring it back to the  " boom "  or even  " hiphop "  days .  bottom line ,  with either nottz or preemo on production you get masterpieces from royce ,  otherwise no thanks .  this is the last royce im was	production sound group july sound year part sound subject back days line production	expand
344381	ok i know people will think im crazy for saying this but i like these guys !  !  they do talk about sex ,  and sex ,  and um oh more sex !  lol lawd how garphic can you get !  !  ?  ?  but i love how they get to the point on what they want and what they are all about !  !  i love honesty !  !  lol but a couple of things i noticed about them is that is very unique is that i really appreciate they dont curse at all that much ! i hardly heard profanity and i dont remeber hearing them bash women calling them bitches and hoes !  its mainly the grahpic sex they rap about !  !  lol but i love these fools !  im not into rap but i love their style !  their sound is very different from other groups i heard !  !  !  all of them rap and one only sings very well !  which alot of times there all singers and one rapper lol so for there only being one singer and the rest rappers that can really flow wow im very imprssed !  !  but this is def not for children !  ! so from seeing kids reveiws on here shame on parents letting they kids jam to p . r .  they	people sex sex sex love point love things heard women sex love love groups heard times children	expand
298433	date this is the absolute best mastering job i have heard involving  " classics "  !  finally someone takes quality seriously .  i was so impressed that i emailed me liebrand to congratulate him .  a very ,  very nice box set that is reasonably priced and while i am not a fan of every song on here i do understand that mr .  liebrand has to please a large audience i would have purchased it for the following rare releases harry thumann  -  underwater dan hartman  -  vertigo relight my fire colonel abrams  -  trapped t - connection  -  at midnight sharon redd  -  can you handle it david joseph  -  you can't hide your love from me sharon brown  -  specialize in love jean carn  -  was that all it was hugh masakela  -  don't go lose it baby paul hardcastle  -  the bbq band  -  on the beat and especially for macho  -  i'm a man and martin circus  -  disco circus not only do you get several very rare releases but yo	date job quality set mr large fire david love love man	expand
355984	ost of the best tracks from his first three albums .  recorded to a two - track recorder ,  the emphasis here ,  like his releases dirt floor and war crime blues ,  are on his great songs and emotional vocals .  there are songs here from his critically acclaimed debut living with the law and tracks each from terra incognita and the criminally neglected din of ecstasy .  the tracks from terra incognita ,  most notably  " cool wooden crosses "  ,   " power down "  ,  and  " clear blue sky "  are much stronger here as the noisy excess that cluttered the original songs are absent .  while the original versions of the songs from din of ecstasy benefited from the loud arrangements ,  the tracks  " know you "  and the instrumental version of  " can't get off "  sound even more haunting in their acoustic versions .  although every track from living with the law is top notch ,  his vocal performances on  " phone call from leavenworth "  ,   " dust radio "  ,   " big sky country "  ,  and  " living with the law "  are much more subdued here and are not as stro	great songs songs living law power original songs original songs living law top call big country living law	expand
362524	ist geoff downes and drummer carl palmer .  all of the music is taken from asia's classic trilogy of original albums ,   " asia "  ,   " alpha "  and  " astra "  along with one track from the  " then and now "  compilation and three rare b - sides .  classic tracks such as  " only time will tell "  ,   " heat of the moment "  ,   " wildest dreams "  ,   " don't cry "  ,   " the smile has left your eyes "  and  " go "  are all included here alongside powerful album tracks such as  " sole survivor "  ,   " the heat goes on "  ,   " open your eyes "  ,   " here comes the feeling "  and  " days like these "  .  the band's strong musical hooks and unprecidented craft shine through in every track on this cd and offers an excellent sampling of asia during its classic era during the s .  john wetton's commanding vocals ,  steve howe's soaring guitar work ,  geoff downes' melodic pop sensibilies rounded out by carl palmer's forceful powerhouse percussion gel into an effortless musical blend .  beginning in the 's ,  asia went through a slew of personnel changes with geoff downes being	music original track time left open days track offers john work	expand
329818	tom petty ,  the stones .  .  .  . etc .  the next day i bought  " murmur "  .  on vinyl .  i loved it .  the bonus tracks of  " chronic town "  were the the best .  maybe a month or three later rem's  " murmur "  was sublimely reviewed by rolling stone magazine .  michael stipe was quoted as saying if you all thing we're good ,  you should listen to a band from minneapolis ,  the replacements .  i loved  " murmur "  so much ,  i bought  " let it be "  directly .  heard  " i will dare "  ,  pete buck playing on the track and thought it was great but .  .  .  . well an rem joke .  i liked the song ,  it had the beat .  i raised  " favorite thing "  to concert level half way through ,  and it was over .  it was the best thing .   " tommy .  .  "  ,   " androndgynous "  ,   " sixteen blue "  with the searing solo by smokin' bob ,  or  " answering machine "  .  take your pick .  but the song that will always grab if .  ?  .  ?  .  .  " seen your video "  .  .  .  .  .  .  . now that tune had the beat .  so if think you can hear the beat ,  don't listen to the  " top hits "  ,  take a sampler of  " seen your video "  .  if you don't hear it ,  the	day town thing good great thing level half thing video hear top video hear	expand
291698	 !  !  this callas recording had the most profound effect on me which led to my obsession with my own operatic aspirations .  it was strange as she did not sound like a fat woman screaming her head off in full body armor .  yes yes .  .  . i and many many sad americans have though of this when given the word opera .  now now ,  we all felt like that at some point i never realized that there could be such passion .  her norma was is so beautiful in it's simplicity and underlining strength .  her take on  " come oer me sereno "  and  " una voce poco fa "  were sweet and appropriately innocent .  her bel canto roles which included her fantastic lucia although later i would prefer sutherland and gilda just thrilled me .  i had no idea someone could actually sing those pieces !  of course up until this point i didn't even know opera could sound like that !  !  silly me !  i was surprised to realized i knew the arias she sung from la boheme ,  la traviata ,  and madame butterfly .  they didn't make a huge impression because they di	effect sound head full body word point included idea point sound make	expand
301221	 .  they added a few stuff but this song is still awesome .   " you bless me is a great upbeat song .  this sounds just like turn around off the  " strenght "  cd .  after that we have the sweet worship song  " thou art worthy "  ladonna mole really show off her voice on this one .   " greater "  is a churchy song .  love it  " change me "  is a club song .  you really jam to this .   " grateful "  is a jazzy song and ladonna mole and john kee did an excellent job .  i love the hook .   " i'll bless your name "  is a excellent song .  ladonna show that she can do upbeat song snice she only does slow songs .  she did an awesome job .   " my healing "  is a nice song .  he put a little old time gospel in it .   " peace "  is an awesome song by shelia lakin and directteci spell it wrong haddon .  i love this song .   " sovergin "  is a nice song .  this song is great to teach a choir .   " rhema word "  is a nice worship song to end the st cd .  the second cd opens up with a little dialogue .  its funny .  next we have  " i believe "  i love this song .   " simple song "  real	song great song song show song love change song song john excellent job love excellent song show song job song time song love song song song great song end love song song	expand
343466	uit muddy waters' usually gruff ,  boastful singing style .  but most of what's here is very good ,  although it's a shame that waters' slashing slide guitar playing is inexplicably absent on many tracks the solo performance of  " feel like going home "  is a notable exception ,  though .  and the first two bonus tracks ,  which are taken from an april ,  session ,  are even better .  the acoustic format is partly abandoned ,  and otis spann is added on piano .  he plays superbly on willie dixon's  " the same thing "  my favorite rendition of that song ,  and on the great slow groove of waters' own  " you can't lose what you never had "  .  the final three tracks are neither acoustic nor particularly folkish ,  adding sax and clarinet played by elmore james' saxist j . t .  brown to a full blues combo which also includes harpist james cotton .  brown plays great clarinet on the jazzy  " short dress woman "  ,  and the swinging  " my john the conquerer root "  is one of the best songs on the album ,  which ends with the fine l . j . 	good performance feel home april great full includes great short john	expand
371050	han tha earlier e  -  but its still good . trust no b''ch yea datz tha e im talkin about dope azz track by ppc featuring dj quik amg and eazy . f''c tha police tight track . alwayz into somethin tight azz nwa track ren vereses r better than dres but dres still good . no one can do it better tight track f''ced how he got his voice messed up . california love some people consider this a classic but i dont think so i aint really a big pac unlike e i like tha earlier pac  -  than tha later wit death row . keep their heads ringin thight track tight lyricz by j - flex who dissed dre i dont know y though . let me ride best dre track on here better than kthr . natural born killaz tight track by dre n cube damn dre shouldve left death row early enough to do another whole album by nwa on ruthless . murder was tha case rmx one good album n hes this big tight track by snoop fell off after murder was tha case sdtk . in california tight track by daz dont know y itz on here though . last song tight song feat	good trust track police track track good track people big death track track track left death early case good big track case track	expand
301232	lexed induced wind segues into the bluesy sweet maree which featured the legendary james cotton on harmonica and staccato acoustic guitar with limited lyrics from miller and is a showcase for cotton's harmonica and miller's bluesy electric guitar soloing .  the album ends with the spacey ballad the window which has a great synthesizer riff ,  excellent vocals and ends like the album began with a collage of echoplexed synthesizer and wind effects .  fly like an eagle went all the way to on the billboard chart and sold  .  million copies ,  went platinum right when released .  in  ,  the album was re - released with three bonus tracks which were an early live recording of fly like an eagle from and demos of take the money and run and rock 'n me .  plus ,  a booklet and a plus hour dvd faturing a concert from san francisco in which had guests george thorogood and joe satriani and a documentary on how the album was made .  the documentary is amazing and the sound of the cd is superb !  recomm	limited album great excellent album million album early live money run album made	expand
373596	re was an original cast album released ,  it is good to hear the mediocre songs well sung by harry and his pajama game co - star ,  kelli o'hara ,  though no song is especially memorable .  the pajama game ,  though ,  is a joy ,  a wonderful recording of one of the best broadway scores from the 's .  harry connick ,  jr . 's unique singing style is quite different from that of john raitt ,  the star of the original production ,  giving a new twist to old favorites ,  and he sounds particularly fine on a lesser known song from the score ,   " a new town is a blue town .  "  the score contains many songs that were hit parade favorites in the 's  " hey there ,  "   " steam heat ,  "   " hernando's hideaway "  ,  and they and other great songs  " once a year day ,  "   " there once was a man ,  "   " seven - and - a - half cents "  are well served by a terrific cast that includes kelli o'hara ,  michael mckean and megan lawrence .  while many may wonder why the cast recording of the pajama game wasn't released by itself ,  the two - cd package is reasonably pr	original good game game john original town town great year day man includes game	expand
332532	by far one of the best efforts the winans have produced .  .  . why not one track has ever made it to their best of compilations baffles me to this day ,  this gem of a cd was originally released in  - but still sounds current today . this is contemporary gospel at it's best  - i call it rhythm and good news - this is the music that should be played in the household ,  in front of the children - at a picnic - while washing the car etc .  - it is uplifting ,  inspirational ,  both the production and singing is top notch -  the harmonic opener quot ; paradisequot ;  takes you on that fantastic voyage ,  we all need to go on every now and then ,  the vocal performances are sensational !  - quot ; heart and soulquot ;  is a melodic and upbeat tour de force that will have you bopping your head and snapping your fingers .  quot ; count it all joyquot ;  makes you do just that - the heavy synthsized production shines on this gem .  .  .  . quot ; yeah ,  yeah ,  yeahquot ;  is awesome .  the amazing remake of quot ; the question isquot ;  will give you	made day today good news children car production top production give	expand
323169	rolling stones album ,  i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person .  a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straitswho are a good band but nit the greatest and green day .  i say cut the shenanigans !  now that is off my chest ,  back to the review !  the rolling stones' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records ,  which was distributed by atlantic at the timenow virgincapitol ,  entitled exile on main street was released in may of  .  the album was the band's only double studio album but is one of rock's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic  - record sets like the wall ,  quadrophenia ,  the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others .  before guitarist keith richards' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid - s ,  he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse .  the album was recorded at keith's home in france and at olymp	album great good day back album called main album album history time called album home	expand
369764	s album is by far the best of roxy's catalogue i own all their albums except heart still beating and live  .  it deserves stars !  if you buy only one roxy studio album hard not to ,  they're all bloody brilliant ,  even a few tracks of manifesto ,  this must be it !  here are my opinions on the tracks  .  the thrill of it all  -  what a brilliant way to start the album ,  bryan ferry's lyrics and phil manzanera's guitar are an excellent combination and this song could be released today and not sound dated one bit !   .  three and nine  -  sweet acoustic guitar driven song with some sonic textures and some excellent sax and harmonica work  .  all i want is you  -  the most recognised song off this album ,  again excellent guitar rock and lyrics !   .  out of the blue  -  the standouts just keep rolling here ,  this is eddie jobson's moment with his violin solo -  there will never be anything in rock music like this again !   .  if it takes all night  -  s doowop parody ,  the weakest track	album live album hard start album excellent song today song excellent work song album excellent music night	expand
299906	dged from this second r . e . m .  album from their general style hasn't changed very much over the years .  the sound on this early album is not as slick as recent years r . e . m .  but stipe's voice sound almost like it does today .  their songwriting was quite good from the beginning and some of their strongest early songs can be found on this album .  the beatiful melancholy ballad  " camera "  along with the droning  " time after time "  are favourites on an album where most tracks are actually quite up - beat .  the album opens with songs fast songs which may appear a little too similar ;  but  "  chinese brothers "  and  " south central rain "  soon became other favourites of mine .  the shamelessly catchy country - rocker  " rockville "  is another song that has to brought forward .  though the production of the song is raw and slightly demo - like ,  it's the song that most people seem to fall for first .  compared to most albums of today the playing time is quite short ;  unless of course you find the version with bonu	album general years early album years today good early found album time time album album people today time find	expand
329636	imagine my dismay at having to travel from monterey california to san angelo texas for the army on december th  .  why ?  because i missed mtv's airing of asia's concert from the budokan in tokyo japan .  luckily for me vestron put it out on vhs asia in asia min and i found a used copy .  having seen asia the original and greg lake solo and with elp live ,  i thought this new line - up was very interesting while keeping in the spirit of the project half yes and half elp  -  yelp anyone ?  .  since then i've always wondered why it was never released as a live album recordcassettecd .  especially in light of the fact that many inferior live sets are currently out there to include the latter - day asia .  i was pleased to see this cd show up on ebay but was afraid to purchase it there for fear of getting stuck with a cd - r .  with a little patience ,  i was rewarded by finding enso kai here on amazon .  at minutes ,  it recreates the concert by maintaining the video's song running order . 	put found live line project half half live live include day show order	expand
306367	written hit for rufus and chaka khan .  other selections featured on the cd may not be big hits but they definitely showcase the dynamics and versatility of chaka's voice .  songs like  " night in tunasia "  and  " the end of a love affair "  demonstrate what chaka can do when it comes to a jazz tune .  there is also the heartfelt  " love me still "  ,  a collaboration with bruce hornsby from spike lee's clockers soundtrack .  this best of cd also features new songs .  these songs actually were apart of a shelved chaka cd entitled  " dare you to love me .  "   " everywhere "  is a fleetwood mac song that chaka reworks ,  but instead of a traditional rock rhythm .  .  .  . it's done reggae style .   " never miss the water "  is a funky tune which features rbbassist m'shelle n'degeocello .   " something deep "  continues the funkiness .  however the mood gets more somber and touching with  " your love is all i know "   -  a chris walker remake .  closing out the best of cd is a jazzyfusion song called  " every little thing .  "  this may	written cd big songs night end love love cd features songs songs cd love water features love cd called	expand
364299	shorter than what is included here .  the albumsingle version runs to minutes seconds ,  while the extended version runs to minutes seconds .  if they included the albumsingle version or the extended version ,  it wouldn't have matter because this song is an undestroyable classic .  when tomorrow comes from the album revenge  .  this is one of their greatest songs .  just like the album it came from ,  this song features an even heavier s synthesizing pop rock sound ,  with the addition of the beautifully arranged acoustic guitars .  here comes the rain again original version from the album touch  .  the albumsingle version ,  which was included on the album ,   " touch "  ,  runs close to the extended version .  the albumsingle version runs to minutes seconds .  the extended version runs to minutes seconds ,  just nine seconds longer than the albumsingle version .  this song is another of eurythmics' greatest songs .  who's that girl original version from the album touch	included version runs minutes seconds version runs minutes seconds included version version song album album song features original version album touch version included album touch runs version version runs minutes seconds version runs minutes seconds seconds version song original version album touch	expand
326607	aying someone who is going through a bad relationship and being drunk enough to let go of his pain .  .  . pure soft ,  poignant ,  kinda sad song ,  but oh - so - phenomenal !  !  !  nobody drinks alone .  .  .  stars in this song ,  keith is saying that  " nobody drinks alone "  ,  that you are not alone if you have a problem ,  or a tough life .  .  . you're definitely not alone ;  there are people that love you ,  care about you ,  and wanna help you !  !  !  country comfort .  .  .  stars a pure  " country "  song ,  talking about the farm life ,  back then .  .  . spectacular ,  relaxing song !  !  !  live to love another day .  .  .  stars a lively take on even if you've had bad love before ,  you will face love again ;  it's not completely over !  !  !  these are the days .  .  .  stars most spectacular  " closing "  to the album !  !  sweet ,  sentimental ,  poignant ,  it just makes for a beautiful end to the whole stunning package the cd it ,  also ,  ties into  " days go by "  ,  saying that  " you've gotta live it while you can "  because  " days go by "  !  !  !  absolutely perfect album ,  beyond c	life people love care country country life back live love day love love days end days live days	expand
358974	his more mellow jazz albums of the s and what he's doing now in  -  ,  this album is still one one of my favorites from herbie hancock .  herbie took a big risk with going for the hip - hop sound and he succeeded .  every one of the six original songs are dynamite ,  are edgy and very creative for that period .  i still love rockit ,  perhaps one of herbie's finest performances .  its mix of urban jazz and the turntable scratches of hip - hop was very unique .  it has some hard hitting beats that could even rival most of run - dmc and ll cool j's albums .  i couldn't stop playing the single of the single and album versions for several months !  it's still played over decades later !  the video for that song was phenomenal with the art direction and the marionettes moving to the song's beats .  the album's very keyboard oriented ,  but hancock kept the jazz style intact on most of the songs .  i don't think he sold out , as some purists say .  i think this album helped make him a more respected jazz	album big risk period love run single single album months art album make	expand
374835	it ,  i realized back then that there were at least three classical pieces that i don't believe were given any credit in the album notes .  the first track ,   " running hard "  is said by many reviewers here on amazon to start with a  " stunning "  piano solo !  damn right it's stunning !  it's a note for note rip off of a famous organ piece called  " litanies "  by the incredible th century french composer jehan alain !  am i the only one who has noticed this ?  ?  there is another track on the cd called  " cold is being "  .  this is a rip off of albinoni's adagio for organ and strings !  there is yet one other piece on the disc that uses the piano prelude by debussy called  " the sunken cathedral "  .  wow !  after having said all of this ,  i still have to say that i love renaissance and i love this disc !  it's worth every penny ,  but ,  couldn't renaissance give credit where credit is due ?  ?  ?  ?  at least elp did that and it pushed me into other avenues of music that i wouldn't have otherwise ventured into .  they don't ri	back credit track start note note called track called called love love give credit credit due music	expand
350581	the positive ,  her singing is superb from the snippets i heard on this never released cd .  everything that her multi - platinum rca debut possessed .  but sadly ,  the songs and music here don't blend with her singing .  it's mediocre ,  pseudo - 's dance funk music under her voice that sounded as if the producers watched too much of the show solid gold !  and copied some of the grooves from half of donna summer's  ,  and albums .  more that half the album has that disco dance sheen ,  but it doesn't fit with her style .  some numbers like just be free ,  by your side ,  the way you talk to me ,  the believe me dance mix and the salsa percussion of the spanish version of just be free are good .  but the rest of the album comes off as misguided .  the ballads here sound dull to me .  just listen to this album one time only in the car ,  then throw it out the window !  then listen to her debut ,  her hit - making stripped ,  and her upcoming album back to basics ,  which comes out in august  ,  instead .  those al	music music show half half album free free good album album time car making album back	expand
367768	 .  cry like a baby  -  the box tops .  i think we're alone now  -  tommy james and the shondells .  last train to clarksville  -  the monkees .  sloop john  -  the beach boys .  both sides now  -  judy collins .  spinning wheel  -  blood ,  sweat tears .  aquariuslet the sunshine in  -  the th dimension .  i saw her again  -  the mamas the papas .  dizzy  -  tommy roe .  mr .  tambourine man  -  the byrds .   -  -   -  len barry .  kind of a drag  -  the buckinghams .  mellow yellow  -  donovan .  na na hey kiss him goodbye  -  steam .  apples ,  peaches ,  pumpkin pie  -  jay and the techniques .  little bit o' soul  -  the music explosion .  love is all around  -  the troggs .  society's child baby i've been thinking  -  janis ian .  san francisco be sure to wear flowers in your hair  -  scott mckenzie .  hold me tight  -  johnny nash .  time has come today  -  the chambers brothers .  the pied piper  -  crispian st .  peters	box john mr man music love child time today st	expand
345736	emotion ,  depth ,  thought ,  and humor ,  like the others ,  but it also has their age showing ,  and how they have had the years to think more about what they needed to bring to the table for .  here is the track list and my take on it .   .  intro  .  supa emcees  -  so amazing  .  the bizness featuring common  .  wonce again long island  -  a true classic  .  dinninit  .  brakes  .  dog eat dog  -  insane classic  .  baby baby baby baby ooh baby  .  long island degrees  -  lovely classic  .  betta listen  .  itzsoweezee hot  .  more  .  big brother beat  -  a great song  .  down syndrome  .  pony ride  .  stakes is high  -  one of my faves  .  sunshine	thought age years list common long baby baby baby baby baby long big great high	expand
309097	the greatest thing is that he could rap and make rb on his albums which no rapper does then and definately now .  .  .  .  . if you want hardcore rap to listen to ,  you got return of jack the ripper  ,  if you want rb ,  you got loungin remix .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i think he should recieve some kind of lifetime achievment award if he hasnt already .  .  .  .  . well before i go ,  heres my own best of ll cool j cd if anyone wants to put it all together on one cd .  .  .  .  .  .  . its great from begining to end  .   -  intro from the g . o . a . t .  album  .   -  say what from the violator album  .   -  hello feat amil  .   -  the ripper strikes back  .   -  i shot ya  .   -  i'm that type of guy  .   -  wanna get paid  .   -  hey lover  .   -  loungin remix  .  -  you and me feat .  kelly price  .  -  all night long feat .  mary j .  blidge  .  -  hot ,  hot ,  hot  .  -  get it on tonight feat .  montell jordan  .  -  you're in my heart  .  -  fater  .  -  luv u better  .  -  doing it  .  -  mirror mirror  .  -  one shot at love i guarantee that you	make return put great end back price long hot hot hot love	expand
345574	zeppelin  " led zeppelin "   -  black sabbath  " black sabbath "  deep purple  " in rock "   -  alice cooper  " killer "  black sabbath  " paranoid "  led zeppelin  " led zeppelin iv "   -  deep purple  " machine head "  uriah heep  " demons and wizards "   -  kiss  " kiss "   -  aeorosmith  " toys in the attic "   -  kiss  " kiss alive "   -  acdc  " high voltage "  rush  "  "  judas priest  " sad wings of destiny "   -  ufo  " lights out "   -  van halen  " van halen "   -  motorhead  " overkill "   -  acdc  " back in black "  motorhead  -   " ace of spades "  judas priest  " british steel "   -  iron maiden  " number of the beast "  judas priest  " screaming for vengeance "  venom  " black metal "   -  motley crue  " shout at the devil "  metallica  " kill em all "  slayer  " show no mercy "   -  metallica  " master of puppets "  slayer  " reign in blood "   -  mayhem  " deathcrush "   -  sepultura  " beneath the remains "   -  megadeth  " rust in peace "  pantera  " cowboys from hell "   -  death  " human "   -  rage against the machine  " rage agains	led black black black led led machine head high back black british number black show human machine	expand
352953	trying to be a good uncle ,  i do my best to make sure he gets at least a 'little' education during our 'outings' .  i had no idea how good this would be .  i had heard that this company had won an 'indy' award for best children's cd .  .  . so i figured it was a fairly good guage to go on .  .  .  on first listen ,  you are capivated by the 'cartoon' type voices used in each character .  .  . chris loved that immediately and wanted to hear it again and again .  .  . it wasn't until i had heard it for the second time that i realized 'i' was getting educated too .  the layers of education within each song is staggering .  it's math ,  history ,  grammer .  geography ,  science and life all rolled into one .  little ones will enjoy it for the voices and fun songs which by the way ,  are quite good .  .  . even for my old jaded ears .  .  . you will probably find your children returning to this 'googol' thing over and over again as they grow up .  .  .  . it's chock full of tons of information .  .  .  .  well done .  .  .  !  !  !  two thumbs waaaaay up !  !  !  !  !  !  sesame	good make education good company good time education life good find children full information	expand
317335	 .  five studio albums preceded this compilation .  the only original track is tonight she comes .  i first heard the song on the radio on october  ,  .  heartbeat city , from the album of the same name is a bonus track only on the cassette and cd .  cars members ric ocasek and the late ben orr have recorded solo albums .  orr had one hit quot ; stay the nightquot ;  from his album the lace .  that same year , ocasek's solo album the other side of paradise spawned the hit emotion in motion .  other heartbeat city tracks on this album are drive , magic and you might think .  tracks from 's shake it up are the title track , since you're gone and i'm not the one .  from the band's self - titled debut are just what i needed , my best friend's girl and good times roll .  let's go is from 's candy - o and touch and go is from 's panorama .  yes , there are many pictures of cars on the coverone on the front and the others on the back .  after this collection , the cars would recorded one more album then disban	track october city album track cars members album year album city album track good times cars back cars album	expand
373106	l's justin chancellor ,  and some guitar riffs reminiscent of ill nio but fairly original .  this record is a nice return from endangered species which suffered from too many light tracks and orchestrated segments .  a return to rock .  anyway ,  chris volz is up to his old tricks .  the first song ,   " the gift "  old title devastation is haunting and the lyrics deliver .  unfortunately the album suffers from some poor mixing and production .  the voice is so loud that the band sounds wimpy .  the drummer is way on but the rhythm guitar and bass are one level below perfection .  the songwriting is not up to the complexity of the second flaw album ,  there is some subtlety but a lot is straightforward .  recently the band acquired a new guitarbass lineup from the band alston ,  so the strings you hear on the record are not the strings you will see live .  that said ,  the record is more in - your - face satisfying that most heavy albums released in the past year .  my own band is opening for bm and we are ver	original record return light return production band level band band record live record past year band	expand
363248	fabulous ,  fanciful ,  fascinating ,  feeling ,  filmic ,  flawless ,  flowing ,  free ,  genius ,  gentle ,  genuine ,  glorious ,  golden ,  gorgeous ,  groovy ,  halcyon ,  happy ,  harmonic ,  heady ,  heartfelt ,  heavenly ,  hedonistic ,  hip ,  holistic ,  ideal ,  idyllic ,  illuminating ,  immersed ,  impacting ,  impassioned ,  imperative ,  important ,  impressive ,  incomparable ,  incredible ,  infinite ,  inspiring ,  interesting ,  intriguing ,  invigorating ,  intoxicating ,  jazzy ,  joyful ,  key ,  laid - back ,  laudable ,  lighthearted ,  liquid ,  lovely ,  lush ,  luscious ,  lyric ,  magnificent ,  magic ,  masterful ,  mature ,  mercurial ,  mesmerizing ,  mind - blowing ,  mystical ,  naked ,  narcosis ,  natural ,  new ,  nice ,  nonesuch ,  notable ,  nouveau ,  nurturing ,  oblique ,  original ,  organic ,  orgiastic ,  paradise ,  pastoral ,  perfect ,  placid ,  playful ,  pleasurable ,  progressive ,  pure ,  quality ,  quiescent ,  radiant ,  raw ,  real ,  refined ,  reflective ,  rejuvenating ,  relevant ,  religious ,  relaxing ,  resplendent ,  resonant ,  revealing ,  reverie ,  rush ,  sanctuary ,  sapphire ,  satisfying ,  sensual ,  sensational , 	free important key back mind natural original quality real relevant	expand
369728	message from mcbrain before we start the harrismurray penned rocker still life and is a great song .  the harris penned quest for fire follows and is another majestic song with lyrics that was inspired by the ancient bc times or the movie of the same name .  next is the dickinsonsmith penned sun and steel which is another great rocker .  the harris penned epic to tame a land closes the album in majestic style .  murray and smith do a stellar riff which sets the tone and finishes the track .  then the main riff comes in and its lyrics tell of the book dune .  the song was to be called dune but the writer of the book rejected it .  the song ends with another dickinson scream before turning into a killer instrumental to finish off a classic album .  piece of mind put iron maiden in the spotlight for keeps as the album would become the band's first us top and platinum selling album and would not be their last .  piece of mind may have been recorded in but it still sounds great in  .  recommended	start life great times great album main book book album mind put album top album mind great	expand
360355	necessarily mean that your life is good and tupac shakur is a great example of that .   " dear mama "  is the song where pac just poured out all of his true feelings about his mother and this song is good for all mothers who have been good mothers and raised there children without visible fathers .   " it aint easy "  is one of my favorite tracks and also has one of my favorite hooks of all time that goes it aint easy being mewill i see the penitentiaryor will i stay free .  on this song pac is baically speaking from his experience and the experiences of his peers where he is saying that the world we live in is very hard and the stuff people have to do in order to survive .   " can u get away "  is a song where pac is in his player mode because he is trying to get with this girl who has a boyfriend .   " old school "  is the song where pac shows his respects to all of the great rappers before him .   " f the world "  pac lashes out at all of the people particularly the government and cops for making his life mis	life good great good good children time free world people order school great world people life	expand
303762	and each have contributed a great performance .  the music for this album speaks for itself ,  but let me just say that it's very complex and intricate like all of ben monder's albums are .  this album picks up where 's  " excavation "  left off ,  but to my ears it's been lifted into another sonic world .  this world is more graceful and uplifting than  " excavation ,  "  but both albums have a certain darkness to them .  ben's playing on here is all incredible as usual .  he is particularly impressive on the solo guitar pieces as he is on pieces arranged for a quartet .  i would also like to add that theo bleckmann's voice on this album is better than  " excavation ,  "  although that album had plenty of great vocal melodies from theo .  he sounds like he's matured alot in years .  song hightlights for me where  " rooms of light ,  "   " oceana ,  "  and  " echolalia .  "  absolutely jaw - dropping playing from one of most original jazz guitarists on the scene today .  buy this album now !  what are you waiting on ?  !  ?  !  i also highly	great performance music album album left world world playing album album great years light playing today album	expand
317106	s and preppyconservative early - s that yielded some weird fads and fashions like pacmania ,  solid gold dancers ,  moon boots ,  terry - cloth shirts ,  leg warmers ,  and rubiks cube .  contemporaneous hits like  " pop muzik "  by m were disco - hybrids .  enter the last steely dan album ,  gaucho ,  an interesting mix of lyrical pop and decadent disco .  while having a strong resemblance to its predecessor ,  aja ,  it amplified the slick ,  garish disco elements of the former steely dan album on the songs  " babylon sisters "  and  " glamour profession "  .  but their trademark studio professionalism was precisely honed with the addition of even more top - flight studio musicians like larry carlton ,  joe sample ,  mark knopfler ,  and david sanborn .  the hits  " hey nineteen "  and  " time out of mind "  were constantly played on the fm - light radio stations .  the album cuts ,   " gaucho "  ,   " my rival "  and  " third world man "  ,  displayed that fagen's lyrical songwriting ability was only getting better with time .  also ,  the album has great keyboar	early album strong album top david time light album world man time album great	expand
340784	swv is one of the best music acts to coume out of the 's .  they epitomized the classic sound of new jack swing .  their cd is amazing .  all of the track had the potential to be a released single ,  non released singles that stood out to me were give it to me that's what i need anything it's about time some of the released singles i enjoyed were downtown weak right here  -  original not the remix give it to me is a great single ,  it kinda reminds you of right here because of the same style ,  thats what i need is an amazing ballad that could have been just as successful as weak if it was released .  coko's voice soars on that track ,  it sounded as if she was really looking for that special someone .  anything is the first single on the track and my favorite .  this song is simple and elegant ,  coko really does justice here ,  this song is far superior to the several remixes .  it's about time is the perfect song for getting in the mood with that special someone .  this album is perfect	music track released single released give time released original give great single released track special single track song song time song special	expand
370956	ginal version of i pray for you is on this album ,  which is on big and rich's coming to your city cd .  .  .  john's original version is just as good as the big and rich one ,  only it's got a little more electric guitar playing .  .  .  another great song is  "  she brings the lightening down ,  which is also on fellow mafia member shannon brown's cd ,  cornfed ,  which is great ,  but his version is far more rocked up and has big kenny singing back ground vocals ,  really cool !  and the song that steals the show for me is new jerusalem .  .  .  this gospel song is done with no music acapela style ,  and just makes you want to stand up and holler !  amen !  .  .  .  and a very touching interview is at the end with john's father .  .  .  this whole album is just great !  from beginning to end ,  and is finally getting released ,  for all you mafia fans ,  this cd is another great album from the mafia .  .  .  paul worley the producer of big and rich ,  called john rich a genius ,  and folks i can tell you he is !  this cd shows that john rich knows great m	version big city version good big great great version big back show music end great end great big john john great	expand
319499	an opera aria but due tothis song i was suddenly in love with opera .  i had hear of her a few times in the past but my idea of a good soprano at the time was sarah birghtman yes i know i know !  !  ! but i was young ! but it didn't take long to realize how wrong i was !  !  this callas recording had the most profound effect on me which led to my obsession with my own operatic aspirations .  it was strange as she did not sound like a fat woman screaming her head off in full body armor .  yes yes .  .  . i and many many sad americans have though of this when given the word opera .  now now ,  we all felt like that at some point i never realized that there could be such passion .  her norma was is so beautiful in it's simplicity and underlining strength .  her take on  " come oer me sereno "  and  " una voce poco fa "  were sweet and appropriately innocent .  her bel canto roles which included her fantastic lucia although later i would prefer sutherland and gilda just thrilled me .  i had no idea someone could actually sing	times past idea good time young long full body point idea	expand
332432	st mastering job i have heard involving  " classics "  !  finally someone takes quality seriously .  i was so impressed that i emailed me liebrand to congratulate him .  a very ,  very nice box set that is reasonably priced and while i am not a fan of every song on here i do understand that mr .  liebrand has to please a large audience i would have purchased it for the following rare releases harry thumann  -  underwater dan hartman  -  vertigo relight my fire colonel abrams  -  trapped t - connection  -  at midnight sharon redd  -  can you handle it david joseph  -  you can't hide your love from me sharon brown  -  specialize in love jean carn  -  was that all it was hugh masakela  -  don't go lose it baby paul hardcastle  -  the bbq band  -  on the beat and especially for macho  -  i'm a man and martin circus  -  disco circus not only do you get several very rare releases but you get them in actual cd quali	st job quality set mr large fire david love love man	expand
350072	d minute alexander the great before it ,  it is the longest and best track on the album .  unlike those two aforementioned epics ,  the harris penned title cut was the band's first minute track which they created the story themselves .  wonderful musicianship throughout ,  especially murray and smith's guitar duels at the end which is an awesome piece of music .  the prophecy is next and is a great track penned by murrayharris and ends with a superb acoustic guitar section .  next is the album's third single the clairvoyant which is another great rocker .  we end the album with arguably one of maiden's best album closers only the good die young .  this harrisdickinson penned piece is a killer rocker .  then when you think the album ended after the big finish ,  the album ends with a reprise of the acoustic passage that started moonchild .  seventh son of a seventh son was another top charting us million seller and it was because the material was strong ,  the production was killer and because it was i	great track album track end music great track section great end album album good young album big album top	expand
308780	baffles me to this day ,  this gem of a cd was originally released in  - but still sounds current today . this is contemporary gospel at it's best  - i call it rhythm and good news - this is the music that should be played in the household ,  in front of the children - at a picnic - while washing the car etc .  - it is uplifting ,  inspirational ,  both the production and singing is top notch -  the harmonic opener quot ; paradisequot ;  takes you on that fantastic voyage ,  we all need to go on every now and then ,  the vocal performances are sensational !  - quot ; heart and soulquot ;  is a melodic and upbeat tour de force that will have you bopping your head and snapping your fingers .  quot ; count it all joyquot ;  makes you do just that - the heavy synthsized production shines on this gem .  .  .  . quot ; yeah ,  yeah ,  yeahquot ;  is awesome .  the amazing remake of quot ; the question isquot ;  will give you chills .  this cd is packed with gems  - just about every cut is a winner - executive producers quincy jonesbarry hankerson helpe	day today good news music children car production top production give	expand
344022	ids .  enter the last steely dan album ,  gaucho ,  an interesting mix of lyrical pop and decadent disco .  while having a strong resemblance to its predecessor ,  aja ,  it amplified the slick ,  garish disco elements of the former steely dan album on the songs  " babylon sisters "  and  " glamour profession "  .  but their trademark studio professionalism was precisely honed with the addition of even more top - flight studio musicians like larry carlton ,  joe sample ,  mark knopfler ,  and david sanborn .  the hits  " hey nineteen "  and  " time out of mind "  were constantly played on the fm - light radio stations .  the album cuts ,   " gaucho "  ,   " my rival "  and  " third world man "  ,  displayed that fagen's lyrical songwriting ability was only getting better with time .  also ,  the album has great keyboard - playing by fagen ,  joe sample ,  and others .  recording - wise ,  gaucho has probably the best sound of any steely dan album it received a grammy award for best - engineered non - classical album ,  and is one of the classic pop albums from t	album album top david time light album world man time album great album received award album	expand
309280	s song ,  lead vocal by roger daltrey ,  and excellent drum playing by ex - small faces drummer kenney jones .  the style and arrangement of john's it's your turn ,  featuring andy fairweather - low playing rhythm guitar ,  sounds a lot like their had enough from the who are you album .  the fast - paced cooks county is excellent with the vocals ,  keyboards ,  drums ,  and bass guitar ,  but the sound of pete guitar could be better on this and other songs .  the title track dangerous ,  eminence front ,  and cry if you want are good ,  but the live versions sound a whoel lot better since pete's guitar and john's bass guitar sound more electrifying ,  the vocals are stronger ,  and the drums sound more powerful .  i've known no war is excellent with the violin from the song the dirty jobs ,  the guitar riffs ,  drums ,  and the bass guitar .  one life's enough is an ok piano ballad with roger's singing ,  and the synthesizers by pete and tim gorman who would play on their farewell tour in  .  john's one at a time is an e	excellent playing small playing guitar lot excellent guitar sound guitar good live sound lot guitar guitar sound sound excellent guitar guitar play time	expand
337201	he who .  .  .  . sometimes the songs accoustic are mellow and a little laid back but the firece who can suddenly rock too at a moments notice with 'in a hand or face' or 'dreaming from the waist' .  .  . pete viciously embarrasses and destroys himself with this record like a drunk saying all and not giving a sht who is listening .  .  . pete lets it all fly with excellent tell all introspective sad lyrics that are quite a bit better than who are you or its hard's .  .  . i love it when people get drunk and tell all .  .  . its what i did when i was young and i regret none of it now  !  it had to be and pete knows this with who by numbers  !  this is a clever little who record which pretends to be bad and fools you into believing it is one of their kinder gentler quiet who albums when it is not  !  !  !  this is well played .  .  . entwistle and moon are still monsters and pete plays alot more great leads here than on any other who album  ! it is sullen and sounds sorta like quadrophenia yet there is very little keyboard work here i	back hand record excellent bit love people young record great work	expand
314220	bonham's heavy handed drumming to create the perfect atmosphere for the lyrics ,  which detail page and plant's travels to morocco .  this is one of rock's greatest epics .  what puff daddy did to this track in was blasphemy to the enth degree .  the album's second disc and third side opens with the atmospheric pagejonesplant epic in the light which features superb keyboard work from jonesy ,  guitar work from page and vocals from percy .  the led zeppelin iii outtake bron - yr - aur is next and a great simple instrumental which was used in the zep movie the song remains the same a year after the track was released .  next is another zeppelin iii outtake down by the seaside which is upbeat and great use of electric piano and leslie speaker drenched electric guitar .  the third side ends with ten years gone which is a bluesy reflection on life and mortality and a great piece .  the album's fourth side opens with a zeppelin iv outtake night flight which is stripped own zeppelin with just drums ,  bass ,  v	page track side light work work page great year track great side years life great side night	expand
297740	m was prince's first platinum selling cd and for good reason .  this is one of the finest cds to ever showcase prince's beautiful falseotto voice .  this album also display's his abillity to play multiple insturments with songs such as  " i wanna be your lover "  which is equipped with one of his best dance breaks in which he shows his piano skills .  then with the next song  " why you wanna treat me so bad "  he give us a guitar ballad in which he gives one of his best guitar solos of all time .   " sexy dancer "  is a funky dance track with more music than words ,  this is definatly a song that lives up to it's title and is one of his funkiest dance tracks ever released .   " when were dancing close and slow "  is a smooth soft melody which makes you feel in a comfort mode .   " with you "  follows in the footstep of its predicesor is a magnificent piano and guitar ballad .   " bambi "  is a hard funk - rock hit that has the pulse pounding reminiscences of a jimi hindrix track of the late 's .   " still waiting "  ,  my favorte so	good play dance skills give time dance track music dance feel hard track	expand
296140	songs accoustic are mellow and a little laid back but the firece who can suddenly rock too at a moments notice with 'in a hand or face' or 'dreaming from the waist' .  .  . pete viciously embarrasses and destroys himself with this record like a drunk saying all and not giving a sht who is listening .  .  . pete lets it all fly with excellent tell all introspective sad lyrics that are quite a bit better than who are you or its hard's .  .  . i love it when people get drunk and tell all .  .  . its what i did when i was young and i regret none of it now  !  it had to be and pete knows this with who by numbers  !  this is a clever little who record which pretends to be bad and fools you into believing it is one of their kinder gentler quiet who albums when it is not  !  !  !  this is well played .  .  . entwistle and moon are still monsters and pete plays alot more great leads here than on any other who album  ! it is sullen and sounds sorta like quadrophenia yet there is very little keyboard work here if any .  .  . its all solid .  . 	back hand record excellent bit love people young record great work	expand
374415	accomplishments on various musical levels .  he plays several musical instruments besides his excellent work on the keyboards .  he began piano at the age of but within years he had already mastered several other instruments .  he is a composer plus a musical arranger .  the songs on this cd are magnifique .  the opening title song  " something 'bout love "  was co - written by brian .  this is a mellow composition with the emphasis on brian's fine keyboard abilities .  he plays keyboards ,  piano ,  trumpet ,  and trombone on this song .   " do you really love me "  was written by brian and he plays keyboards and piano .   " get'n over you "  is a smooth rb ballad written and performed by lori perry .  she has a touch of phyllis hyman in her voice .  there are two versions of  " the secret garden "  which was written by a collaberation of artists and originally introduced by the great quincy jones .  brian does these songs brilliantly in both versions as if they were made for him .  instrumentally he plays piano ,  k	levels excellent work age years love written love written written garden written great made	expand
339979	slie speaker drenched electric guitar .  the third side ends with ten years gone which is a bluesy reflection on life and mortality and a great piece .  the album's fourth side opens with a zeppelin iv outtake night flight which is stripped own zeppelin with just drums ,  bass ,  vocals and guitar plus an overdubbed organ part .  this song has lyrics to it .  next is the pageplant rocker the wanton song which is another great zeppelin rockerabout a rather bedeviling woman with plant singing in a phased voice with excellent guitar work by page .  next is a cover of the ritchie valens classic boogie with stu which was a jam between zeppelin and rolling stones' unofficial sixth member ian stewart the  " stu "  in the title .  next is another houses of the holy outtake black country woman which is an acoustic number and features great harmonica work by plant .  we end the album with the rocker sick again which is a sign of things to come with the hard rockers they would record on their next album ,  's pre	side years life great side part great work page country number great work end	expand
313075	rip the jackerand his departure into the military makes a intresting comeback for his third time this year .  hip hop sale nails most emcees to the cross having the intesity and sick flows even though simplfied and not his complexity rhyme style that most 'bis fans are used to which some would argue it's hard to listen too .  this lp is very strong with lil weak points .  the weak points are prolly the  " so into you "  i know this is a mainstream lp on a indy label look at the hysterical sacastism there but other that  " so into you "  the rest of the lp is flawless .  even though most of the tracks had been released on a mixtape entitled the virtuvian man ,  which were just all the unmastered verison i'm glad they have most of the tracks on here and it has mostly all bangers on it .   " dear academy "  is a intresting track because it's like a long shout - out in song form and he's also making fun of the industry inavertently .  were notable tracks such as  " benny reliy "  ,   " back wit heat "  ,  " da facelfit "  ,  " show e	time year points points man long form making industry back show	expand
363413	very pleasant listening experience and nicely balances dreamy synth heavy pop with the more symphonic approach demonstrated on albums like tales of mystery and imagination  .  come to think of it ,  i don't feel that there are any weak moments  -  the album is well - paced and the pieces all work together .  the tracks on the turn of a friendly card range from the excellent ,  pink floydish sounding and moody song time with excellent vocals by eric woolfson to the lengthy ,  multi - movement ,  the turn of a friendly card suite .  there is also an instrumental on this album the gold bug that is actually quite good .  in general ,  all of the pieces are very well written and played and the different vocalists work well with the tracks they were selected for .  there is also greater use of an orchestra on this album especially on the title track although perhaps not as heavy as the orchestra was used on tales of mystery and imagination .  all in all ,  this is a great album of symphonic pop that is	experience work turn card range excellent time excellent turn card good general work great	expand
356534	made popular impresarial jamming cloaked in heavy doses of showmanship .  bruce readily accepted west's endorsement of laing as a capable drummer ,  a move that would later prove ingenuous .  strutting out on stage in cream - like finery ,  the band seized even the most ratskellar - like venues by the throat ,  and overwhelmed its awestruck crowds with archetypal british hard rock and blues .  why dontcha announces the band's intentions like a buzzsaw  -  high energy rhythms and a thundering backbeat ,  pierced by the knife - like edge of the big man's guitar .  the juxtaposition of bruce's near falsetto with the ballsy growl of west can only be taken as an inexorable order to rock .  laing's beat is unmatched ferocity punctuated by snapping drumsticks .  bruce's basslines swim around west's chords with a joyful ,  almost mean intensity ,  and the fat one astonishes ,  with his eerie forays into sheer beauty ,  always followed by guttural twists into his signature twang .  out into the fields instantly reminds us of th	made stage british hard rock high energy big west order rock	expand
354906	this is not an album the average 'pop' fan should purchase .  purple rain ,  diamonds and pearls ,  batman musicology is the prince of pop you need .  this is musical and artistic genius .  when prince is dead this is the album he should be remembered for  -  frivolous to audience expectations ,  pure and organic production ,  spiritualy and sensually exhilirating and some of the tightest piece of musicianship ever recorded by a 'pop' musician .  apart from the dreary mellow and comical wedding feast ,  this album is flawless .  the lush sequence between the title track and muse the pharoah ,  the voyeuristic experience of the  " digital garden "  ,  the stanly clarke bass riffs and pitch perfect drumming on everywhere ,  as well as the epic final three tracks which epitomise prince's musical superiority amongst all of his so called contemporaries  -  all of this are reason enough for serious music lovers to challenge themselves to listen to this record and rise ,  rise ,  rise .  .  .  . 	album album production album experience digital garden final called music record rise rise rise	expand
323308	the jackson remain a classic ,  timeless group .  the jacksons may not be as timeless as the  ,  but in my honest opinion ,  the jacksons had better quality of music .  the team of gamble and huff brought a new sound to the brothers ,  and they do an outstanding job .  although many of the songs on this epic debut were not penned by michael and his brothers ,  they were nonetheless performed by them ,  which makes the songs on here nothing short of beautiful .  the standout tracks enjoy yourself energetic ,  fast - paced dance fest ,  featuring lively vocals of michael ,  good times gorgeous song ,  blues away deep song with a nicely - paced melody ,  show you the way to go the guitar and michael's voice shoot this song straight up there ,  living together beautiful song ,  strength of one man very nice song with vocals from nearly all of the brothers ,  and dreamer yet another nice song .  if you want a nice mixture of dreamy classic rb tunes as well as great dance tunes ,  get this album	group quality music team good times song song show song song man song song great	expand
332957	ately now .  .  .  .  . if you want hardcore rap to listen to ,  you got return of jack the ripper  ,  if you want rb ,  you got loungin remix .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i think he should recieve some kind of lifetime achievment award if he hasnt already .  .  .  .  . well before i go ,  heres my own best of ll cool j cd if anyone wants to put it all together on one cd .  .  .  .  .  .  . its great from begining to end  .   -  intro from the g . o . a . t .  album  .   -  say what from the violator album  .   -  hello feat amil  .   -  the ripper strikes back  .   -  i shot ya  .   -  i'm that type of guy  .   -  wanna get paid  .   -  hey lover  .   -  loungin remix  .  -  you and me feat .  kelly price  .  -  all night long feat .  mary j .  blidge  .  -  hot ,  hot ,  hot  .  -  get it on tonight feat .  montell jordan  .  -  you're in my heart  .  -  fater  .  -  luv u better  .  -  doing it  .  -  mirror mirror  .  -  one shot at love i guarantee that you would also love this cd .  .  .  .  . most of these tracks are from his albums ,  but some are from other artists	return cd put cd great end back price long hot hot hot love love cd	expand
362311	lay .  i've always thought of blondie as  " disco - punk "  that brought a hyperactive dance rhythm from the s to a disaffected hard - edged s attitude .   " the best of blondie "  kicks off with the ultimate fusion of those two sensibilities  " heart of glass "   .  blondie's recording of  " the tide is high "  is probably the most recognizable rendition of the reggae tune ,  which was written by john holt for the paragons in the s .   " sunday girl "  crosses genres ,  eras ,  and cultures .  it's like a rocking version of a s pop anthem ,  sung partly in french .   " rapture "  raps ,  seduces ,  and pushes debbie harry's voice to extremes .  the callousness of  " one way or another "  stood out among the feel - good hits of top -  radio .   " call me "  is the single version ,  not the extended version found on the  " american gigolo "  soundtrack .  it still conjures a powerful image of richard gere racing his stick - shift convertible on l . a . 's freeways .   " the best of blondie "  covers the highlights o	high written john version feel good top call single version version found	expand
296296	room when i was playing this cd was unbelievable . this is without a doubt the most anointed and the best worship cd i have ever heard . thank you jesus .  " any crown "  is my favorite song , that song has transformed my life forever , i can't stop playing it .  " overflow "  was wonderful , the anointing of the spirit was pouring on me like water during that song . i am so drunk in the spirit . i bless god for juanita bynum , this is her best worship cd ever and the best worship cd i have ever heard from anyone . woh !  halleluyah . my life will never be the same again . i also love  " my life "  ,  " above all else "  ,  " i will wait for you "  ,   " you are great "  ,  " i don't mind waiting "  ,  " you are you are "  ,  " jesus what a wonder you are "  . but above all  " any crown "  took my breath away , i was crying under the weight of the glory of god . oh my god . when you play this cd , you will be instantly ushered into the divine presence of god . this cd is too much , i am at a loss for words , i am speechless . when you are through playing the whole album ,  all you c	room playing cd cd jesus life playing water god cd cd life love life great jesus god god play cd god cd playing	expand
334967	lues musicians which featured paul butterfield on harmonica and vocals .  the spectacular mike bloomfield on lead guitar ,  elvin bishop on rhythm guitar ,  sam lay drummer for howlin' wolf and various other blues bands on drums ,  organpianist mark naftalin and bass player jerome arnold .  this is early bloomfield ,  his licks are searing and his guitar stings throughout the album .  butterfield's classic harp wails and cries ferociously .  the album opens up with the gritty  " born in chicago "  .  they then do a cover of  " shake your money maker .  "  the third track and one of the best ,   " blues with a feeling "  ,  has bloomfield biting and chomping through the song .   " thank you mr .  poobah "  is a great instrumental with a bit of a jazz swing .  they cover muddy waters  " i got my mojo working "  solidly adding new energy into the song .   " mellow down easy "  is a little weak but still good .  they come back with the instrumental  " screamin' "  which cranks .  bloomfield's licks and solos spew out of his guitar like magma .   " our l	early cover money mr great cover working energy easy good back	expand
296060	t all disappointed but indeed this album really let me know that there are still a few rappers out there that are still kicking rhymes about issues that we deal with in everyday life instead of hearing these other mc's that dont rap about anything except cars ,  clothes ,  jewelry ,  and women .  i would recommend this album to anyone that is a fan of real rap because this album will open your eyes to alot of things in life .  my favorite tracks are  .  " the cool "  -  this song is basically about a young man who had diednot literally but he was able to come back to life and try to make a change for the better but at the same time he chose to live his life the same way he had lived it once before .  song is very metaphor and deep .   .  " he say she say "  -  this song is about a little boy who doesnt have a visible father and it is affecting him deeply .   .  " hurt me soul "  -  this song talks just about any issue you can think of from women being degraded in rap music ,  drug dealing ,  crooked cops ,  government not	life women open life young back life make change time life women music government	expand
357912	n't sing as good as he looks .  they say betty grable had the million dollar legs .  he has the million dollar face circa the 's .  if in doubt -  - check out his second thru fifth albums as follows second album -  - back cover third album -  - front cover fourth album -  - back cover fifth album -  - front cover .  for the multi - million dollar face -  - check the single record picture sleeve for  " runaround sue "  .  it's all in the face -  - such as his .  he has absolutely no talent at all -  - other than his million - dollar face .  hear  " thoughts "  and  " love's cruel "  from the fourth album these are solo -  - no overdub and  " movie of you "  from the fifth album and  " when i think of you "  from the second and third albums and these show what a producer can do with even the worst of them .  the record companies is after only one thing -  - the public's money .  take away his million dollar face and he'd have nothing .  it's all in the face such as his million dollar face the 's .  his looks his talent none .  for a photo	good million million face check album back cover album front cover album back cover album front cover million face check record face million face album album show record million face face million face	expand
339515	w im late but finally i got it !  !  wow tremaine has talent hes not just some good looking guy that gets off by hist looks !  hes smooth and laid back !  !  plus his songs are real  .  .  .  meaning he says whats on his mind and keeps it reall !  like cheat on you is soo true what be going in relationships !  and hes a gentlemen !  lol instead of him going up to a girl and saying  " yo i wanna f you "  hes like  " i just wanna cut tonite please dont say no "  !  ! lol but in all i like him !  hes good !  since he started out as a rapper he has the hip hop style .  .  than for him being such a big r kelly fan his style reminds you of kelly which i think trey is way better !  i know its not good to compare when the person is just getting his gig out there .  .  .  but trey is way better than r kelly and i hope he out shines him cause trey is a way better crooner and song writer though i think gotta go is so stupid and lame but i cant get enough of it !  ! lol his album is not for everybody .  .  .  but if you love different sounds and	late good back real good started style big style good person hope love	expand
307320	aylor joined .  and during the early part of the 's they recorded some of the greatest songs of the decade .  just like many other soul band of the 's like ewf and cameo they used horns but eventually followed the popular trends and started to use synthesizers in the 's .  kool the gang perfectly blended soul ,  rb ,  jazz ,  funk with catchy pop melodies and is one of the most sampled bands of all time .  some of their old funk songs like  " hollywood swinging "  ,   " funky stuff "  and  " jungle boogie "  appear here ,  and you can really hear the diffrence between them and the 's singles ,  but it really proves the versability of their music .  in came the bi break with hits like  " ladies night "   " too hot "  later sampled by coolio and  " celebration "  that was a massive hit .  the band had taken the new trends of the 's with success and hits like  " get down on it "   " joanna "   " fresh "  and obviously the big hit  " cherish "  .  kool the gang is defenitely one of the greatest 's bands and this album proves why . 	joined early part band started time music night band success big	expand
303567	ic styles and sounds .   " the song remains the same "  is aptly titled ,  as it is a continuation of the hard rock for which page ,  plant ,  and company are justly celebrated .  but  " rain song ,  "  with its gentle ,  melodic folk pop orchestral arrangement ,  expands the band's musical reach .  the folk - rock tune  " over the hills and far away "  sounds like an update on  " stairway to heaven ,  "  with its memorable opening folk riff and hard rock guitar volleys in the middle .  but  " the crunge "  is a revelation ,  with its james brown styled funk riff .  this is followed by the hard rocking  " dancing days ,  "  one of the albums more rollicking tunes .   " dyer maker "  is the next song ,  with its reggae tinged riffing and catchy melody showing once again that led zeppelin is much more than a headbanger band .  the next song is the brooding ,  pink floyd sound a like  " no quarter ,  "  one of the best songs on the album ,  on account of its hypnotic melody and arresting john paul jones synthesizer lead .  the album closes with the lumbering	song hard rock page company song rock hard rock hard days song song account john paul lead	expand
291819	elationship and being drunk enough to let go of his pain .  .  . pure soft ,  poignant ,  kinda sad song ,  but oh - so - phenomenal !  !  !  nobody drinks alone .  .  .  stars in this song ,  keith is saying that  " nobody drinks alone "  ,  that you are not alone if you have a problem ,  or a tough life .  .  . you're definitely not alone ;  there are people that love you ,  care about you ,  and wanna help you !  !  !  country comfort .  .  .  stars a pure  " country "  song ,  talking about the farm life ,  back then .  .  . spectacular ,  relaxing song !  !  !  live to love another day .  .  .  stars a lively take on even if you've had bad love before ,  you will face love again ;  it's not completely over !  !  !  these are the days .  .  .  stars most spectacular  " closing "  to the album !  !  sweet ,  sentimental ,  poignant ,  it just makes for a beautiful end to the whole stunning package the cd it ,  also ,  ties into  " days go by "  ,  saying that  " you've gotta live it while you can "  because  " days go by "  !  !  !  absolutely perfect album ,  beyond compare !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  thank you ,  keith !  !  !  !  ! 	life people love care country country life back live love day love love days end days live days	expand
322470	ard  " love at first sight "  and  " cant get you outta my head "  years back and thought they were both really cute songs but it wasnt until i heard  " come into my world "  at the gym one morning ,  then i ran out and got the cd .  .  . ok so american society is very close minded about muzik but please do not make generalizations we are all not like that .  .  . i'll tell you why muzik like kylie and jamiroquai dont get play on american radio ,  cuz american's hate disco and europe embraces it .  .  . hello of america hates madonna and shes from here !  !  !  enough about that  " come into my world "  is my fav track ,   " fever "  is a great cut and the lay out of  " buring up "  is great .  .  . she dosent have a strong voice at all which isnt necessary for this type of muzik so just enjoy the production .  .  . i gave it stars cuz at times it sounds too much like britney spears and i dont mean that in a good way .  . kylie's voice is better and maybe less production on her voice would work in her favor .  .  . all in all a great ablum i reccomend i	years back world society make world great great production times good production work great	expand
314807	swv is one of the best music acts to coume out of the 's .  they epitomized the classic sound of new jack swing .  their cd is amazing .  all of the track had the potential to be a released single ,  non released singles that stood out to me were give it to me that's what i need anything it's about time some of the released singles i enjoyed were downtown weak right here  -  original not the remix give it to me is a great single ,  it kinda reminds you of right here because of the same style ,  thats what i need is an amazing ballad that could have been just as successful as weak if it was released .  coko's voice soars on that track ,  it sounded as if she was really looking for that special someone .  anything is the first single on the track and my favorite .  this song is simple and elegant ,  coko really does justice here ,  this song is far superior to the several remixes .  it's about time is the perfect song for getting in the mood with that special someone .  this album is perfect	music track released single released give time released original give great single released track special single track song song time song special	expand
335385	songquot ;  and quot ; jeepers creepers . quot ;  bennett's own pianist ralph sharon not only plays the piano on the other tracks but did all the charts for these songs as well .  still ,  these songs are very much done in the count basie style ,  as evidenced on  " strike up the band ,  "  quot ; chicago , quot ;  and quot ; with plenty of money and you . quot ;  you would not think of bennett as being a jazz singer per se ,  but he is right at home in front of the count basie orchestra proving he would have been a great band singer if he had been born a decade or two earlier .  my favorite track is  " i've grown accustomed to her face ,  "  a song from the musical  " my fair lady ,  "  which you would have thought was written by bennett as it is one of those perfect marriages of singer and song .  he never sang any song better than this one .  this cd reissue also includes a neal hefti ballad ,   " after supper ,  "  but even with this bonus track the main complaint about this album is that it is only a half - hour long which	quot quot band quot quot quot money quot home great band track written includes track main long	expand
355374	iling from ,  of all places ,  siberia .  this album is replete not only with superb vocal harmonies from chris thile and sara watkins ,  but also exceptional playing on mandolin chris thile ,  guitar sean watkins and violin sara watkins ,  that reminds me more of polished performances from the likes of a great classical chamber music ensemble like the ensemble wien or emerson string quartet ,  than from your typical bluegrasscountryfolk band .  san diego isn't noted for the quality of its bluegrasscountryfolk musicians ,  but this southern californian city ought to be ,  in light of the splendid musicianship demonstrated by nickel creek .  mandolinist chris thile proves that he's a virtuoso of his instrument ,  performing with as much gusto and technical brilliance as i've heard from davey johnstone ,  the scottish folk guitarist and mandolinist who would become the longest - tenured member  -  and finally ,  music director  -  of the elton john band .  both sean ,  and his sister sara ,  also show on this albu	chris chris great music band quality city chris member music director john band show	expand
320293	rom this second r . e . m .  album from their general style hasn't changed very much over the years .  the sound on this early album is not as slick as recent years r . e . m .  but stipe's voice sound almost like it does today .  their songwriting was quite good from the beginning and some of their strongest early songs can be found on this album .  the beatiful melancholy ballad  " camera "  along with the droning  " time after time "  are favourites on an album where most tracks are actually quite up - beat .  the album opens with songs fast songs which may appear a little too similar ;  but  "  chinese brothers "  and  " south central rain "  soon became other favourites of mine .  the shamelessly catchy country - rocker  " rockville "  is another song that has to brought forward .  though the production of the song is raw and slightly demo - like ,  it's the song that most people seem to fall for first .  compared to most albums of today the playing time is quite short ;  unless of course you find the version with bonus - trac	album general years early album years today good early found album time time album album people today time find	expand
328700	the jackson remain a classic ,  timeless group .  the jacksons may not be as timeless as the  ,  but in my honest opinion ,  the jacksons had better quality of music .  the team of gamble and huff brought a new sound to the brothers ,  and they do an outstanding job .  although many of the songs on this epic debut were not penned by michael and his brothers ,  they were nonetheless performed by them ,  which makes the songs on here nothing short of beautiful .  the standout tracks enjoy yourself energetic ,  fast - paced dance fest ,  featuring lively vocals of michael ,  good times gorgeous song ,  blues away deep song with a nicely - paced melody ,  show you the way to go the guitar and michael's voice shoot this song straight up there ,  living together beautiful song ,  strength of one man very nice song with vocals from nearly all of the brothers ,  and dreamer yet another nice song .  if you want a nice mixture of dreamy classic rb tunes as well as great dance tunes ,  get this album	group quality music team good times song song show song song man song song great	expand
298715	eedom fighters like bob marley ,  mandela ,  lamumba ,  m .  garvey ,  martin many others .  .  .  they just happen be  " concious rap - artist "  of todays' society with alot say !  !  !  !  i put it like this  " if you can't cope with what dead prez is spitting ,  then that's probably because they're speaking about you those like you "  !  !  !  !  if you don't affiliate yourself with the code of the streets then i don't expect you to relate !  !  !  !  dead prez is never selling out so nothing has changed with their formula !  !  .  .  .  y'all are not paying close attention or taking heed what's essential !  there's a saying  " stand something or fall anything "  .  .  .  certain beings feed the nation  " propaganda "  just take heed !  !  !  !  if you know anything about  " dead prezs' music then you'll know that they're about taking a political stance like krs - one prt  !  !  !  !  like damn your diamond rings chains how about  " more freedom "  !  !  !  !  if you're about the truth peoples then get dead prezs' poor righteous teachers krs - ones' whole collect	society put dead code dead close taking dead music taking political dead poor teachers	expand
335653	ard some of the best music ,  probably since quadrophenia .  then i bought this remastered and expanded cd version from here .  it is unfortunately that original drummer keith moon died in after the who are you album .  the first song you better you bet is an outstanding opening track with the  - string guitar and keyboards especially the piano by main - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist pete townshend ,  roger daltrey's lead vocal ,  john entwistle's bass guitar ,  drums by ex - small faces kenney jones ,  and the harmony vocals .  don't let go the coat is also an outstanding slow song with the pete's guitar and organ playing ,  roger's lead vocal ,  the drums by kenney ,  bass guitar by john .  i love the fast paced cache cache with the vocals ,  the guitar ,  the drums ,  bass guitar riffs ,  the organ and synthesizer by pete .  as for john's the quiet one ,  i prefer the live version on this cd or on the cbs - fox vhs movie rocks america tour where john's lead vocal ,  pete's guitar riffs ,  kenney's drums sound	music version original guitar main lead john guitar small guitar lead guitar john love guitar guitar live version lead guitar	expand
290699	y miller called a workhorse .  the album was recorded at keith's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles .  keith's music and frontman mick jagger's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street .  songs like the opening rocker rocks off ,  the s sounding rocker rip this joint ,  the album's hit tumbling dice ,  the country - ish sweet virginia ,  keith's classic rocker happyand it is his most famous track which he sang ,  the slow - ish soul survivor ,  the fast - paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday .  ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co - written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from  - his solos just rocked from  -  .  exile on main street was the rolling stones' second consecutive album and another million seller .  the tour in support of th	called home london music main street country line place main street support	expand
361552	an angel and the enervated experimental wrap it up ,  plus the more soulful outings i could give you a mirror and the walk with its great trumpet solo .  besides the aforementioned hits ,  my favourites also include the atmospheric jennifer and the elegant this is the house with its spanish spoken intro ,  its instrumental flourishes and its mood of sadness .  it's true that not every single track on the original remains as memorable as the ones mentioned ,  but the album certainly deserves five stars for its melodic and lyrical beauty ,  especially with the added songs .  of the bonus tracks ,  my favourites are the lilting home is where the heart is ,  the hot remix of sweet dreams are made of this ,  the coldcut remix of love is a stranger and this awesome rendition of lou reed's satellite of love that in its vocal style reminds one somewhat of great atmospheric tracks like belinda from the debut album in the garden .  the classic sweet dreams album is now even better ,  revealing more of the greatness	give great include house single original album home made love love great album album	expand
310848	certainly sounds great .  but basie only plays the piano on two of the tracks ,  quot ; life is a songquot ;  and quot ; jeepers creepers . quot ;  bennett's own pianist ralph sharon not only plays the piano on the other tracks but did all the charts for these songs as well .  still ,  these songs are very much done in the count basie style ,  as evidenced on  " strike up the band ,  "  quot ; chicago , quot ;  and quot ; with plenty of money and you . quot ;  you would not think of bennett as being a jazz singer per se ,  but he is right at home in front of the count basie orchestra proving he would have been a great band singer if he had been born a decade or two earlier .  my favorite track is  " i've grown accustomed to her face ,  "  a song from the musical  " my fair lady ,  "  which you would have thought was written by bennett as it is one of those perfect marriages of singer and song .  he never sang any song better than this one .  this cd reissue also includes a neal hefti ballad ,   " after supper ,  "  but even with	great quot life quot quot band quot quot quot money quot home great band song thought written song song includes	expand
338430	having the intesity and sick flows even though simplfied and not his complexity rhyme style that most 'bis fans are used to which some would argue it's hard to listen too .  this lp is very strong with lil weak points .  the weak points are prolly the  " so into you "  i know this is a mainstream lp on a indy label look at the hysterical sacastism there but other that  " so into you "  the rest of the lp is flawless .  even though most of the tracks had been released on a mixtape entitled the virtuvian man ,  which were just all the unmastered verison i'm glad they have most of the tracks on here and it has mostly all bangers on it .   " dear academy "  is a intresting track because it's like a long shout - out in song form and he's also making fun of the industry inavertently .  were notable tracks such as  " benny reliy "  ,   " back wit heat "  ,  " da facelfit "  ,  " show e'm how "   " it's no other than "  make the lp worth copping regardless of the impetency of other 'bis fans whom might discourage from copping .  if you like dif	hard points points man long form making industry back show make	expand
316275	ed during the late 's and rightfully so !  !  !  clapton's stellar musical chops combined with a solid backup band makes for what is undoubtedley a signature album .  the opening trio of  " cocaine "  ,   " wonderful tonight "  and  " lay down sally "  have gone on to become clapton standards with the latter two tracks being amongst his best original compositions .  elsewhere on  " slowhand "  are standout tracks such as  " next time you see her "  ,  the blues - driven  " mean old frisco "  ,  the flowing instrumental of  " peaches and diesel "  and the extended funk - rock jams of  " the core "  which ,  in addition to clapton's solid guitar work ,  features a superb vocal performance from singer marcy levy and a great sax lead from sessionman mel collins who is actually a former member of the prog - rock giants king crimson .  since its release in  ,   " slowhand "  has stood the test of time as a staple of classic rock .  the album still has a fresh vibrant sound that doesn't sound a bit outdated or disappointing .  with clapton's powerful gu	makes original time rock work features performance great member rock time rock sound sound	expand
306788	sounded different than tom petty ,  the stones .  .  .  . etc .  the next day i bought  " murmur "  .  on vinyl .  i loved it .  the bonus tracks of  " chronic town "  were the the best .  maybe a month or three later rem's  " murmur "  was sublimely reviewed by rolling stone magazine .  michael stipe was quoted as saying if you all thing we're good ,  you should listen to a band from minneapolis ,  the replacements .  i loved  " murmur "  so much ,  i bought  " let it be "  directly .  heard  " i will dare "  ,  pete buck playing on the track and thought it was great but .  .  .  . well an rem joke .  i liked the song ,  it had the beat .  i raised  " favorite thing "  to concert level half way through ,  and it was over .  it was the best thing .   " tommy .  .  "  ,   " androndgynous "  ,   " sixteen blue "  with the searing solo by smokin' bob ,  or  " answering machine "  .  take your pick .  but the song that will always grab if .  ?  .  ?  .  .  " seen your video "  .  .  .  .  .  .  . now that tune had the beat .  so if think you can hear the beat ,  don't listen to the  " top hits "  ,  take a sampler of  " seen your video "  .  i	day town thing good thought great thing level half thing video top video	expand
336011	n looking forward to this album for a while .  secret machines have been one of the best bands of the new york scene .  it's always been about the music and the live shows .  they have done many successful tours and have released a few records in their six - year history .  some of the heaviness of their first album is gone .  now we have some cool guitar riffs and magical sounds .  this album is more about songwriting and stories .  many of the songs are about alienation and loss ,  such as in the slow ballad opener  " alone ,  jealous and stoned .  "  one of their best songs ever is  " lightning blue eyes .  "  this hot rocker is just blistering and moving .   " daddy's in the doldrums "  reminds of their obsession with led zeppelin ,  and also german rock .  another highlight is  " i hate pretending .  "  it has interesting rhythm and memorable lyrics .   " faded lines "  reminds me of some of their early songs .  not many songs on this album go over five minutes .  these songs are tight .   " i want to know "  is more like glam rock .  overall a	forward album music live successful year history album album songs songs early songs songs album minutes songs	expand
365830	alan makes my hair stand on end ; hes the best lookin , sweetist smile , i tape his videos and watch them over and over . hes my very favorite country singer , i saw him in concert in clemson , s . c .  it was da bom . he has the most gorgeous face ive ever seen , hes the only singer that id drop my dishrag to listen to . i have nothing but very special hopes for him and his family , my condolences about his father . his song livin on loveis my favorite . its just like my parents , my dad had a brain tumor and could bareley see , my mom has rhumatoid arthritus and is crippled in her hands , they always sat on that front porch swing together until his death yrs . ago . i felt like that song was about them , he could bareley see ; she could bareley sweep the floor , but they sat on that swing livin on lovethank you alan for all the pleasure you gave them with your voice before his death . daddy would always call me when alan was singing on cmt . love you alan ; most loyally your special fan , lind	alan makes end country special family front death alan death call alan love alan special	expand
358728	m was a lyric from train in the distance , a hearts and bones track .  here is the ultimate compilation of paul simon's solo hit songs .  take note that art garfunkel is not heard anywhere on this album .  from simon's self - titled debut are mother and child reunion and me and julio down by the schoolyard .  from there goes rhymin' simon is something so right , st .  judy's comet , loves me like a rock and kodachrome , which is a trademark for kodak's color film .  from still crazy after all these years is the title track , have a good time and fifty ways to leave your lover .  slip slidin' away was a hit from ' .  that would have been an excellent simon amp ;  garfunkel recording , which the duo did record in ' for the concert in central park .  all the aforementioned hits were originally released on columbia records , simon's label from his samp ; g days .  songs from the warner bros .  era , the label he still records on today , are from the movie soundtrack one trick pony , late in the evening .  other hearts and bones	track art st years track good time park records days records today	expand
372881	rrison was always my favorite beattle .  unlike his prima donna bandmates ,  george was the quiet musical backbone .  his solo work is superb .  the tunes that he penned for the beattles were always my favorites .  this album is perfect .  my choice tracks here are  " some place else "  with it's circular guitar work and gutting lyrics ,  it is enchanting beyond .   .   .   " breath away from heaven "  the asian influnence is so accurate ,  you can literally smell the opium dens .  the lyrics ,  yet again ,  are ace .   " like an opulescent moon all alone in the sky of a foreign land "  lyrics don't get much better .  my only issue with this album is its cover .  yuck .  he looks like on of the gibb bros .  gross .  i am glad to see the title track from his work on the film ,  shanghai surprise .  whatever one thinks about the ill - fated film which happens to be a guilty pleasure for me ,  the music is first rate and truly encompasses a geographical soundscape .  george harrison was an underrated musical genius .  buy this remaster .  you	george work place work land issue cover work film film music rate george buy	expand
308573	albums ,  totaling millions of copies sold ,  along with coveted grammy awards in both the pop and jazz categories .  and both gentlemen are consummate and engaging entertainers ,  each capable of selling out an all - nighter by himself and still barely denting his catalog of timeless classics .  the result is a landmark ,   - song album .  painstakingly prepared by benson and jarreau ,   " givin' it up "  touches on every style and mood fans could imagine from this stellar event of musical matchmaking .   "  givin' it up "  crackles with inventive covers of standards ranging from the s billie holiday's  " god bless the child "  ;  the s sam cooke's  " bring it on home to me "  featuring a surprise cameo by pop legend paul mccartney ;  the s seals crofts'  " summer breeze "  ;  and the s daryl hall's  " everytime you go away "  .  they also show respect for the music of today ,  inviting neo soul diva jill scott to sing along on  " god bless the child ,  "  and turning in a sumptuous instrumental rendition of singerso	result event god child home paul summer show music today god child	expand
373158	became a well known rap superstar .  the news reporters are also making comments when shakur was shot the first time in new york on november  ,  .   " if i die night "  is the song that starts off  " me against the world "  pac is basically saying that he will ride on his enemies no matter what happens to him because he is ready to die .  the next track is  " me against the world "  which is one of my favorite tracks on the album because he talks about you should never lose your focus on your dreams and to always strive for excellence no matter what the government or any other human being is trying to do to you this song has a very powerful message in my opinion .   " so many tears "  which is one of the if not the darkest rap song of all time because pac's lyrics where very dark and eerie because he's talking about how he is suicidal and how his life is cursed and how he is having visison's of his enemies killing him while he is sleeping this song might be crazy but pac is doing what he does best and t	news making time november song world matter world matter government human song song time life song	expand
329957	his funkiest dance tracks ever released .   " when were dancing close and slow "  is a smooth soft melody which makes you feel in a comfort mode .   " with you "  follows in the footstep of its predicesor is a magnificent piano and guitar ballad .   " bambi "  is a hard funk - rock hit that has the pulse pounding reminiscences of a jimi hindrix track of the late 's .   " still waiting "  ,  my favorte song off this cd ,  is an up - tempo soul ballad in which he continues the falseotto trend .   " i feel for you "  a song in which prince originally created but didn't get its claim to fame 'till the chaka kahn version with rufus ,  either way this is still an excellent organsynthesizer jam .   " it's gonna be lonely "  is another guitar ballad with the final showcase of his falseotto voice and a nice way to close an album .  overall this is a great album that defines the line between up - tempo funk - rock tracks and beautiful ballads in which you see a settle ,  less contrvercial ,  tender ,  vunerable side of  " the purple one .  "  this album s	close feel hard feel version excellent final close album great album line side album	expand
311048	the scat vocal by whomever ,  the piano and guitar by pete ,  drums ,  bass guitar and vocal by roger and one chorus by pete .  how can you do it alone is a good song with the synthesizer and piano and harmony vocals ,  but not my favorite though .  daily records is and excellent song with the lead and harmony vocals ,  drums .  gutar and bass guitar .  john's you ,  very similar to you better you bet and cache cache ,  kicks the album back into overdrive with the organ and guitar riffs and harmony vocal by pete ,  john's bass guitar riffs ,  drums by kenney ,  and lead vocal by roger .  another tricky day is also an excellent song with the guitar and piano by pete ,  harmony vocals ,  drums ,  and bass guitar .  now for the bonus tracks .  i love i like nightmares with pete's piano ,  guitar riffs ,  and excellent lead vocals ,  kenney's drumming ,  and john's pass guitra riffs .  this outstanding rock that was written and sung solely by pete should have been on this album in place of how can you do it alone .  it's in you is	guitar guitar good song excellent song lead guitar back guitar guitar lead day excellent song guitar guitar love guitar excellent lead written place	expand
331762	his abillity to play multiple insturments with songs such as  " i wanna be your lover "  which is equipped with one of his best dance breaks in which he shows his piano skills .  then with the next song  " why you wanna treat me so bad "  he give us a guitar ballad in which he gives one of his best guitar solos of all time .   " sexy dancer "  is a funky dance track with more music than words ,  this is definatly a song that lives up to it's title and is one of his funkiest dance tracks ever released .   " when were dancing close and slow "  is a smooth soft melody which makes you feel in a comfort mode .   " with you "  follows in the footstep of its predicesor is a magnificent piano and guitar ballad .   " bambi "  is a hard funk - rock hit that has the pulse pounding reminiscences of a jimi hindrix track of the late 's .   " still waiting "  ,  my favorte song off this cd ,  is an up - tempo soul ballad in which he continues the falseotto trend .   " i feel for you "  a song in which prince originally created but didn't get its claim t	play dance skills song give time dance track music song dance feel hard track song feel song	expand
313821	 !  wow tremaine has talent hes not just some good looking guy that gets off by hist looks !  hes smooth and laid back !  !  plus his songs are real  .  .  .  meaning he says whats on his mind and keeps it reall !  like cheat on you is soo true what be going in relationships !  and hes a gentlemen !  lol instead of him going up to a girl and saying  " yo i wanna f you "  hes like  " i just wanna cut tonite please dont say no "  !  ! lol but in all i like him !  hes good !  since he started out as a rapper he has the hip hop style .  .  than for him being such a big r kelly fan his style reminds you of kelly which i think trey is way better !  i know its not good to compare when the person is just getting his gig out there .  .  .  but trey is way better than r kelly and i hope he out shines him cause trey is a way better crooner and song writer though i think gotta go is so stupid and lame but i cant get enough of it !  ! lol his album is not for everybody .  .  .  but if you love different sounds and styles .  .  .  then this one is for	good back real mind good started style big style good person hope love	expand
369299	e of november  .  this set is definitely worth stars  !  !  !  george michael was so popular because he had an excellent singing voice ,  could write beautiful slow ballads as well as funky ,  sensual grooves ,  and had a nice way with emotive lyrics .  everything he touched turned to platinum in the years covered by this set .  here are just a few standout gm tracks you have been loved  -  superb sensitive and heartrending slow tune about the demise of a close friend .  simply beautiful .  faith  -  snappy ,  irresistible minute pop song went to everywhere .  one of his best career hits freedom '  -  really groovy  ,  funky track with lyrics that tell the tale of george's ascent to stardom and his early 's decision to skip the popstar limelight for a more authentic singer - songwriter persona .  excellent .  as  -  i love this duet cover version of stevie wonder's great song  ,  featuring us soul singer mary j .  blige .  excellent vocal pairing .  this song was george's last 's hit .  praying for time  -  sl	november set excellent beautiful years set beautiful song early excellent love great song excellent song time	expand
319917	this is probably one of the best broadway revival soundtracks ever recorded .  it truely captures the excitement and humor of a live performance .  it's as if they're on the stage performing the show with microphones hanging all over the place capturing a classic performance than in a recording booth with them belting out songs .  the biggest strength of this soundtrack is in the vocal characterizations as well the great atmospheric orchestrations .  the casting was pure perfection .  nathan lane ,  faith chance and peter gallagher are all in top form and you'd think they were all born to play their parts .  since this play has been performed in high schools and community theaters for years ,  this soundtrack as well as the broadway run had to distinguish itself from the amateursemi - pro shows with such performances that would make it the definitive version .  i think this soundtrack has acheived that and more .  i'd buy this version over any other version any day . 	performance place performance great top play play high years make version version version day	expand
363983	meless classic .   .  " naturally mine "  -  -  -  this is also another great under rated song ,  ,  , that is so beautiful and well written .  beautiful  ,  beautiful love song  .  .  .  .  .  another timeless classic .   .  " nite and day "  -  -  -  i love this one too ,  ,  they played it a little too much in the late 's and the early 's ,  ,  but it is still a beautiful song .  .  .   .  " off on your own girl "  -  -  - nice uptempo track and lyrics ,  i love the rap and every thing about this track .  .  .  .   .  " killing me softly "  -  -  great ,  ,  ,  remake timeless classic all in all ,  i love the other songs but these are my jams .  .  especially  " ooh this love is so "  ,  ,  ,  i cant say enough about this one though  .  but this album is a classic and al b .  sure is so  ,  so talented .  .  .  he and the new jack swing era will surely be missed .  al b .  sure is one of our best artists of the 's aside from his good looks he sure is talented ,  ,  and can sing the mess out of  " ooh this love is so "  and  " naturally mine "  he will always hold a place in our hearts  " musically "  . 	classic great beautiful written beautiful beautiful love classic day love early beautiful track love track great classic love love classic good love place	expand
295208	having seen asia the original and greg lake solo and with elp live ,  i thought this new line - up was very interesting while keeping in the spirit of the project half yes and half elp  -  yelp anyone ?  .  since then i've always wondered why it was never released as a live album recordcassettecd .  especially in light of the fact that many inferior live sets are currently out there to include the latter - day asia .  i was pleased to see this cd show up on ebay but was afraid to purchase it there for fear of getting stuck with a cd - r .  with a little patience ,  i was rewarded by finding enso kai here on amazon .  at minutes ,  it recreates the concert by maintaining the video's song running order .  the untitled tracks listed above are steve howe's track and geoff downes' track solos .  carl palmer's solo is contained on track  .  while i can't say enough good things about this cd ,  the only downside is the cd booklet .  at pages ,  it contains nothing .  no band or track info ,  no pict	live project half half live live include day cd show cd order track track track good cd cd track	expand
361553	are made of this that made the eurythmics stars in the united states .  their synthesizer song  " sweet dreams are made of this was a huge hit for the band .  during the year  ,  the song was everywhere - literally .  the song was even used as a popular couples tad dottie theme song on the soap opera all my children .  the sweet dreams albums was reissued on november th also .  the eurythmics didn't score any other major radio hits with this album in the u . s .  ,  but mtv viewers will remember the song  " love is a stranger ,  "  from this album also .  the album is really awesome and has stood the test of time .  the bonus tracks make the album that much better .  bonus track  " home is where the heart "  has a slight reggae vibe to it .  this album ushered the eurythmics into the music industry and the group would release an album nearly every year that followed in the 's .  the reissue includes the original tracks from the album and bonus tracks .  the disc arrives in a nice digipak with a color bo	made made song made year song song song children album song album album time make album home album music group album year album	expand
365535	r come out . danny tenaglia's new york house has it all . it's the mix that i've never got tired of . it's that good . out of all the global underground albums i own i would say it's for sure in the top either number or next to sasha's ibiza setwhole different story anyways cd is probably my favorite . almost every song is my favorite .  i would say the best song on cd is quot ; moodyquot ;  and the song before it . no one could argue with miss kitten's quot ; frank sinatraquot ;  what a song .  .  .  . and people know why .  red light district was a good ending song for cd  . those are just the highlights but i pretty much love the entire disc not one song is bad really .  cd starts off with one bad ass song . tilt's quot ; seduction of orpheusquot ;  is kinda long but you'll love every second of it . also what most people didn't notice is the similarity of that song with one of led zepplin's songs if you listen to it  , you'll know what i mean . and the next few songs after sound pretty awesome too . of course	house good top number cd song song cd song song people light good song cd love song cd song long love people song	expand
325351	yles and sounds .   " the song remains the same "  is aptly titled ,  as it is a continuation of the hard rock for which page ,  plant ,  and company are justly celebrated .  but  " rain song ,  "  with its gentle ,  melodic folk pop orchestral arrangement ,  expands the band's musical reach .  the folk - rock tune  " over the hills and far away "  sounds like an update on  " stairway to heaven ,  "  with its memorable opening folk riff and hard rock guitar volleys in the middle .  but  " the crunge "  is a revelation ,  with its james brown styled funk riff .  this is followed by the hard rocking  " dancing days ,  "  one of the albums more rollicking tunes .   " dyer maker "  is the next song ,  with its reggae tinged riffing and catchy melody showing once again that led zeppelin is much more than a headbanger band .  the next song is the brooding ,  pink floyd sound a like  " no quarter ,  "  one of the best songs on the album ,  on account of its hypnotic melody and arresting john paul jones synthesizer lead .  the album closes with the lumbering rock	song hard rock page company song rock hard rock hard days song song account john paul lead rock	expand
346523	rtin many others .  .  .  they just happen be  " concious rap - artist "  of todays' society with alot say !  !  !  !  i put it like this  " if you can't cope with what dead prez is spitting ,  then that's probably because they're speaking about you those like you "  !  !  !  !  if you don't affiliate yourself with the code of the streets then i don't expect you to relate !  !  !  !  dead prez is never selling out so nothing has changed with their formula !  !  .  .  .  y'all are not paying close attention or taking heed what's essential !  there's a saying  " stand something or fall anything "  .  .  .  certain beings feed the nation  " propaganda "  just take heed !  !  !  !  if you know anything about  " dead prezs' music then you'll know that they're about taking a political stance like krs - one prt  !  !  !  !  like damn your diamond rings chains how about  " more freedom "  !  !  !  !  if you're about the truth peoples then get dead prezs' poor righteous teachers krs - ones' whole collection .  .  . for some  " awareness "   " peoples let's get free n o w "  !  !  !  !  !  ! 	society put dead code dead close taking dead music taking political dead collection free	expand
337324	is without a doubt the most anointed and the best worship cd i have ever heard . thank you jesus .  " any crown "  is my favorite song , that song has transformed my life forever , i can't stop playing it .  " overflow "  was wonderful , the anointing of the spirit was pouring on me like water during that song . i am so drunk in the spirit . i bless god for juanita bynum , this is her best worship cd ever and the best worship cd i have ever heard from anyone . woh !  halleluyah . my life will never be the same again . i also love  " my life "  ,  " above all else "  ,  " i will wait for you "  ,   " you are great "  ,  " i don't mind waiting "  ,  " you are you are "  ,  " jesus what a wonder you are "  . but above all  " any crown "  took my breath away , i was crying under the weight of the glory of god . oh my god . when you play this cd , you will be instantly ushered into the divine presence of god . this cd is too much , i am at a loss for words , i am speechless . when you are through playing the whole album ,  all you can say is halleluuuuuuuuuuuuuuyah , thank you jesus . prop	cd jesus song song life playing water song god cd cd life love life great jesus god god play cd god cd playing jesus	expand
295075	heard  " love at first sight "  and  " cant get you outta my head "  years back and thought they were both really cute songs but it wasnt until i heard  " come into my world "  at the gym one morning ,  then i ran out and got the cd .  .  . ok so american society is very close minded about muzik but please do not make generalizations we are all not like that .  .  . i'll tell you why muzik like kylie and jamiroquai dont get play on american radio ,  cuz american's hate disco and europe embraces it .  .  . hello of america hates madonna and shes from here !  !  !  enough about that  " come into my world "  is my fav track ,   " fever "  is a great cut and the lay out of  " buring up "  is great .  .  . she dosent have a strong voice at all which isnt necessary for this type of muzik so just enjoy the production .  .  . i gave it stars cuz at times it sounds too much like britney spears and i dont mean that in a good way .  . kylie's voice is better and maybe less production on her voice would work in her favor .  .  . all in all a great ablum i reccomend	years back world society make world great great production times good production work great	expand
370839	group ,  but .  .  .  .  . let's be historically accurate here  .  the song  "  i'm girl scoutin "  was n o t the only intruders song not to feature  " little sonny "  brown on lead .  robert ferguson  ,  better known as  " bobby starr "  did replace  " little sonny "  as lead singer of the group for a time  , and leads a new group of intruders today ,  but ,  in addition to singing on their hit  "  i'm girl scoutin "  ,  he also lead on the hits ,   " i bet he don't love you like i love you "  ,   " this is my love song "  , and  " pray for me "  .  to this date ,  not a single intruders  " greatest hits "  collection on cd or vinyl has included any of these bobby starr -  led songs .  .  .  nor have they included the  " little sonny "  - led earlier hit  " devil with an angels smile "  from their now classic collectors item st album  "  the intruders are together  "  which also ,  by the way , still has yet to see the light of day on cd . until these songs are included  ,  there will never be a definitive intruders  " greatest hits "  collection .  .  . so how about about it ,  gamble	group lead lead group time group today lead love love love date collection included included st day included collection	expand
330577	n ,  jr .  and ,  more importantly ,  james  " j . t .  "  taylor joined .  and during the early part of the 's they recorded some of the greatest songs of the decade .  just like many other soul band of the 's like ewf and cameo they used horns but eventually followed the popular trends and started to use synthesizers in the 's .  kool the gang perfectly blended soul ,  rb ,  jazz ,  funk with catchy pop melodies and is one of the most sampled bands of all time .  some of their old funk songs like  " hollywood swinging "  ,   " funky stuff "  and  " jungle boogie "  appear here ,  and you can really hear the diffrence between them and the 's singles ,  but it really proves the versability of their music .  in came the bi break with hits like  " ladies night "   " too hot "  later sampled by coolio and  " celebration "  that was a massive hit .  the band had taken the new trends of the 's with success and hits like  " get down on it "   " joanna "   " fresh "  and obviously the big hit  " cherish "  .  kool the gang is defenitely one of the gre	joined early part band started time music night band success big	expand
295645	platinum selling cd and for good reason .  this is one of the finest cds to ever showcase prince's beautiful falseotto voice .  this album also display's his abillity to play multiple insturments with songs such as  " i wanna be your lover "  which is equipped with one of his best dance breaks in which he shows his piano skills .  then with the next song  " why you wanna treat me so bad "  he give us a guitar ballad in which he gives one of his best guitar solos of all time .   " sexy dancer "  is a funky dance track with more music than words ,  this is definatly a song that lives up to it's title and is one of his funkiest dance tracks ever released .   " when were dancing close and slow "  is a smooth soft melody which makes you feel in a comfort mode .   " with you "  follows in the footstep of its predicesor is a magnificent piano and guitar ballad .   " bambi "  is a hard funk - rock hit that has the pulse pounding reminiscences of a jimi hindrix track of the late 's .   " still waiting "  ,  my favorte song off this cd ,  is a	good play dance skills song give time dance track music song dance feel track song	expand
342866	album .  the opening trio of  " cocaine "  ,   " wonderful tonight "  and  " lay down sally "  have gone on to become clapton standards with the latter two tracks being amongst his best original compositions .  elsewhere on  " slowhand "  are standout tracks such as  " next time you see her "  ,  the blues - driven  " mean old frisco "  ,  the flowing instrumental of  " peaches and diesel "  and the extended funk - rock jams of  " the core "  which ,  in addition to clapton's solid guitar work ,  features a superb vocal performance from singer marcy levy and a great sax lead from sessionman mel collins who is actually a former member of the prog - rock giants king crimson .  since its release in  ,   " slowhand "  has stood the test of time as a staple of classic rock .  the album still has a fresh vibrant sound that doesn't sound a bit outdated or disappointing .  with clapton's powerful guitar and vocal work ,  great musicianship from his band and glyn johns' solid production ,  there is little wonder why the title of this album has become a ni	album original time rock work performance great member rock time rock album sound sound work great production album	expand
372159	atra album was  " strangers in the night "  ,  which i won ,  on the seaside heights boardwalk ,  at the jersey shore ,  in  ,  at the age of  .  i first bought september of my years "  years ago ,  after my dad was diagnosed with terminal cancer . i had always heard about how great this album was ,  so i just had to buy it for dad and me . one of my most precious memories will always be listening to this cd with dad ,  on his death bed . he and i both shed tears ,  not only of sadness interspersed with joy ,  but also of a revelatory comraderie , that we shared with the late sinatra . he was able to pluck at our heartstrings and massage our memories , in a way that seems almost illegal . i was approaching  ,  dad nearing his nd birthday ,  and both of us spellbound by the shear power and gut piercing penetrability of this masterpiece .  " a man and his music ,   " in the wee small hours of "  ,  " only the lonely "   " songs for swingin lovers "  ,  and  " strangers in the night "  are the best of sinatra .  " september of my years "  is the best	night age september years years great power man music small hours night september years	expand
311315	the best bands of the new york scene .  it's always been about the music and the live shows .  they have done many successful tours and have released a few records in their six - year history .  some of the heaviness of their first album is gone .  now we have some cool guitar riffs and magical sounds .  this album is more about songwriting and stories .  many of the songs are about alienation and loss ,  such as in the slow ballad opener  " alone ,  jealous and stoned .  "  one of their best songs ever is  " lightning blue eyes .  "  this hot rocker is just blistering and moving .   " daddy's in the doldrums "  reminds of their obsession with led zeppelin ,  and also german rock .  another highlight is  " i hate pretending .  "  it has interesting rhythm and memorable lyrics .   " faded lines "  reminds me of some of their early songs .  not many songs on this album go over five minutes .  these songs are tight .   " i want to know "  is more like glam rock .  overall a really great record .  this is one of the best albums of the year so far .  secret	music live year history album album songs songs early songs songs album minutes songs great record year	expand
361486	titled ,   " me against the music "  .   " sisters are doin' it for themselves "  runs along those lines and will remain a classic ,  just like the rest .  there must be an angel playing with my heart from the album be yourself tonight  .  another song where annie displays her beautiful voice and her talented ability to harmonize .  an incredible song that is not to be skipped by anybody .  missionary man original version from the album revenge  .  this is just like the album version ,  only part of the beginning portion is cut out .  the beginning portion is supposed to be a weird sort of sound that fades in all the way to the first verse .  still a great song .  don't ask me why from the album we too are one  .  not bad .  i need a man from the album savage  .  another incredible song .  this is a song that nobody should skip ,  or even think about skipping it .  you gotta love this song's hard rock beat and annie's incredibly powerful voice .  love is a stranger from the album sweet dreams are ma	music album song song man original version album album version part great song album man album song song love hard love album	expand
294274	the jackson remain a classic ,  timeless group .  the jacksons may not be as timeless as the  ,  but in my honest opinion ,  the jacksons had better quality of music .  the team of gamble and huff brought a new sound to the brothers ,  and they do an outstanding job .  although many of the songs on this epic debut were not penned by michael and his brothers ,  they were nonetheless performed by them ,  which makes the songs on here nothing short of beautiful .  the standout tracks enjoy yourself energetic ,  fast - paced dance fest ,  featuring lively vocals of michael ,  good times gorgeous song ,  blues away deep song with a nicely - paced melody ,  show you the way to go the guitar and michael's voice shoot this song straight up there ,  living together beautiful song ,  strength of one man very nice song with vocals from nearly all of the brothers ,  and dreamer yet another nice song .  if you want a nice mixture of dreamy classic rb tunes as well as great dance tunes ,  get this album	group quality music team good times song song show song song man song song great	expand
325633	ny ,  so that's saying alot .  ben is joined by some stellar musicians for this recording which are the following kermit driscoll on bass a member of bill frisell's late searly s group ,  ted poor on drums ,  theo bleckmann on wordless vocals ,  and skuli sverrisson on bass songs and  .  these musicians are all amazing and each have contributed a great performance .  the music for this album speaks for itself ,  but let me just say that it's very complex and intricate like all of ben monder's albums are .  this album picks up where 's  " excavation "  left off ,  but to my ears it's been lifted into another sonic world .  this world is more graceful and uplifting than  " excavation ,  "  but both albums have a certain darkness to them .  ben's playing on here is all incredible as usual .  he is particularly impressive on the solo guitar pieces as he is on pieces arranged for a quartet .  i would also like to add that theo bleckmann's voice on this album is better than  " excavation ,  "  although that album	joined member group great performance music album album left world world add album album	expand
292223	this is probably one of the best broadway revival soundtracks ever recorded .  it truely captures the excitement and humor of a live performance .  it's as if they're on the stage performing the show with microphones hanging all over the place capturing a classic performance than in a recording booth with them belting out songs .  the biggest strength of this soundtrack is in the vocal characterizations as well the great atmospheric orchestrations .  the casting was pure perfection .  nathan lane ,  faith chance and peter gallagher are all in top form and you'd think they were all born to play their parts .  since this play has been performed in high schools and community theaters for years ,  this soundtrack as well as the broadway run had to distinguish itself from the amateursemi - pro shows with such performances that would make it the definitive version .  i think this soundtrack has acheived that and more .  i'd buy this version over any other version any day . 	performance place performance great top play play high years make version version version day	expand
310549	group was an all star line up of blues musicians which featured paul butterfield on harmonica and vocals .  the spectacular mike bloomfield on lead guitar ,  elvin bishop on rhythm guitar ,  sam lay drummer for howlin' wolf and various other blues bands on drums ,  organpianist mark naftalin and bass player jerome arnold .  this is early bloomfield ,  his licks are searing and his guitar stings throughout the album .  butterfield's classic harp wails and cries ferociously .  the album opens up with the gritty  " born in chicago "  .  they then do a cover of  " shake your money maker .  "  the third track and one of the best ,   " blues with a feeling "  ,  has bloomfield biting and chomping through the song .   " thank you mr .  poobah "  is a great instrumental with a bit of a jazz swing .  they cover muddy waters  " i got my mojo working "  solidly adding new energy into the song .   " mellow down easy "  is a little weak but still good .  they come back with the instrumental  " screamin' "  which cranks .  bloomfield's licks and solos spew o	group line early cover money great cover working energy good back	expand
291157	if you like beatles ,  monkees and the who ,  then you will like the group that is better than all of them  ;  the rascals  !   " lonely too long "  is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 's elbow .  .  . it hurts .  .  . then theres all this other good sh here .  .  . and i don't mean groovin  !  the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at  !  .  .  . i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges .  .  . and i realised that above all .  .  . i liked my rascals record the most back in up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode  !  also known at times as 'the young rascals' but to me .  .  . this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation ,  you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them  ;  five stars .  .  . buy this thing	group long good record back times young back hard people buy	expand
359673	were playing against each other in a ballgame the game would most definitely end in a tie .  from start to finish those two are solid and the quality of the music is nothing less than fabulous .  this vol .  one starts out with spiral staircase's ,  more today than yesterday ,  and it most definitely will have you singing along with it .  the second song is ,  baby it's you ,  from the excellent band smith .  gayle mccormick's bluesy vocals sound fantastic on this tune ,  which was also a good song for the beatles on their american lp called the early beatles from plus it was a huge hit for the shirelles .  the third song is a very beautiful tune which made it to the top five in november and will melt your heart being ,  smile a little smile for me ,  by the flying machine .  folks ; i think i remember a slightly different version of this song by the flying machine then what is on this disc .  correct me if i am wrong .  the fourth song is by the great billy joe royal called ,  cherry hill park .  billy joe roya	end quality music today good called early made top great called	expand
363621	inutes seconds .  the extended version runs to minutes seconds ,  just nine seconds longer than the albumsingle version .  this song is another of eurythmics' greatest songs .  who's that girl original version from the album touch  .  the origianl album version runs to minutes seconds ,  while the single version runs to minutes seconds .  still an unbelievable song ,  revealing annie's jealousy .  would i lie to you ?  from the album be yourself tonight  .  the very beginning is the best part of the song .  when the jazz sound comes rolling in and plays throughout the rest of the song ,  i then turn off the song .  sisters are doin' it for themselves duet with aretha franklin from the album be yourself tonight  .  this is one hell of a diva duet .  although ,  this is not the first diva duet to be the best duet in the history of music .  back in  ,  you had barbra streisand donna summer team up for their hit diva duet entitled ,   " no more tears enough is enough "  .  in	version minutes version song version album album version minutes single version minutes song album part song song song album history music back team	expand
367111	ove this album what can you say about an album that emphaizes pure beauty from the family debarge .  i have this album and also all this love buy both they are now on cd with the exception of luther vandross andor prince no one knew who to sing ballads better than eldra in the 's and pull so many elements together latin ,  gospel , hamronies wow !  i pine for the days when black singers sung like this instead of cursing every other word no concept of inneudo like marvin gaye wearing prison outfits rocca wear ,  fubuand you know which groups from az yet trying to show their bird chests trying to keep it real and showing their drawers and female singers like beyonce who shake their butts like there's no tommorow but no musical contentshe can't sing no hamronizing groups left like this but whining  , crusing singers but debarge has real emotion that makes you believe in love in all of its beauty buy this album now and see what black folks loved about this grand family of motown in the	album album family album love buy days black groups show real groups left real love buy album black family	expand
318201	incebus eruptum "  jeff beck group  " truth "   -  led zeppelin  " led zeppelin "   -  black sabbath  " black sabbath "  deep purple  " in rock "   -  alice cooper  " killer "  black sabbath  " paranoid "  led zeppelin  " led zeppelin iv "   -  deep purple  " machine head "  uriah heep  " demons and wizards "   -  kiss  " kiss "   -  aeorosmith  " toys in the attic "   -  kiss  " kiss alive "   -  acdc  " high voltage "  rush  "  "  judas priest  " sad wings of destiny "   -  ufo  " lights out "   -  van halen  " van halen "   -  motorhead  " overkill "   -  acdc  " back in black "  motorhead  -   " ace of spades "  judas priest  " british steel "   -  iron maiden  " number of the beast "  judas priest  " screaming for vengeance "  venom  " black metal "   -  motley crue  " shout at the devil "  metallica  " kill em all "  slayer  " show no mercy "   -  metallica  " master of puppets "  slayer  " reign in blood "   -  mayhem  " deathcrush "   -  sepultura  " beneath the remains "   -  megadeth  " rust in peace "  pantera  " cowboys from hell "   -  death  " 	group led led black black black led led head high back black british number black show death	expand
302084	the jackson remain a classic ,  timeless group .  the jacksons may not be as timeless as the  ,  but in my honest opinion ,  the jacksons had better quality of music .  the team of gamble and huff brought a new sound to the brothers ,  and they do an outstanding job .  although many of the songs on this epic debut were not penned by michael and his brothers ,  they were nonetheless performed by them ,  which makes the songs on here nothing short of beautiful .  the standout tracks enjoy yourself energetic ,  fast - paced dance fest ,  featuring lively vocals of michael ,  good times gorgeous song ,  blues away deep song with a nicely - paced melody ,  show you the way to go the guitar and michael's voice shoot this song straight up there ,  living together beautiful song ,  strength of one man very nice song with vocals from nearly all of the brothers ,  and dreamer yet another nice song .  if you want a nice mixture of dreamy classic rb tunes as well as great dance tunes ,  get this album	group quality music team good times song song show song song man song song great	expand
329243	ka can do when it comes to a jazz tune .  there is also the heartfelt  " love me still "  ,  a collaboration with bruce hornsby from spike lee's clockers soundtrack .  this best of cd also features new songs .  these songs actually were apart of a shelved chaka cd entitled  " dare you to love me .  "   " everywhere "  is a fleetwood mac song that chaka reworks ,  but instead of a traditional rock rhythm .  .  .  . it's done reggae style .   " never miss the water "  is a funky tune which features rbbassist m'shelle n'degeocello .   " something deep "  continues the funkiness .  however the mood gets more somber and touching with  " your love is all i know "   -  a chris walker remake .  closing out the best of cd is a jazzyfusion song called  " every little thing .  "  this may not be a complete best of cd whereas some significant hits like  " sweet thing "  or  " everlasting love "  could have been added .  but still the track selection is a solid offering of chaka khan ,  one of the most copied and influential voices in the music indu	love cd features cd love water features love cd called thing complete cd significant thing love added music	expand
344328	he cars' greatest hits .  five studio albums preceded this compilation .  the only original track is tonight she comes .  i first heard the song on the radio on october  ,  .  heartbeat city , from the album of the same name is a bonus track only on the cassette and cd .  cars members ric ocasek and the late ben orr have recorded solo albums .  orr had one hit quot ; stay the nightquot ;  from his album the lace .  that same year , ocasek's solo album the other side of paradise spawned the hit emotion in motion .  other heartbeat city tracks on this album are drive , magic and you might think .  tracks from 's shake it up are the title track , since you're gone and i'm not the one .  from the band's self - titled debut are just what i needed , my best friend's girl and good times roll .  let's go is from 's candy - o and touch and go is from 's panorama .  yes , there are many pictures of cars on the coverone on the front and the others on the back .  after this collection , the cars would recorded one	track october city album track cars members album year album city album track good times cars back cars	expand
332198	child "  ;  the s sam cooke's  " bring it on home to me "  featuring a surprise cameo by pop legend paul mccartney ;  the s seals crofts'  " summer breeze "  ;  and the s daryl hall's  " everytime you go away "  .  they also show respect for the music of today ,  inviting neo soul diva jill scott to sing along on  " god bless the child ,  "  and turning in a sumptuous instrumental rendition of singersongwriter john legend's  "  ordinary people "  with marion meadows on soprano sax .   " givin' it up "  also features sizzling jazz jams on two miles davis classics the classy swing of  " four ,  "  with lyrics by the great jon hendricks and featuring stanley clarke on upright bass ;  and the lowdown blues of  " tutu ,  "  rewritten as  " resurrection blues "  by jarreau and set to marcus miller's dynamic original music a homage to bishop desmond tutu ,  featuring miller himself on electric bass and special guest herbie hancock in scorching form on acoustic piano .  proving yet again why he's one of the most talented and po	child home show music today child john people great set music form	expand
295277	l like going home "  is a notable exception ,  though .  and the first two bonus tracks ,  which are taken from an april ,  session ,  are even better .  the acoustic format is partly abandoned ,  and otis spann is added on piano .  he plays superbly on willie dixon's  " the same thing "  my favorite rendition of that song ,  and on the great slow groove of waters' own  " you can't lose what you never had "  .  the final three tracks are neither acoustic nor particularly folkish ,  adding sax and clarinet played by elmore james' saxist j . t .  brown to a full blues combo which also includes harpist james cotton .  brown plays great clarinet on the jazzy  " short dress woman "  ,  and the swinging  " my john the conquerer root "  is one of the best songs on the album ,  which ends with the fine l . j .  welch tune  " put me in your layaway "  .  the original nine  " folk singer "  tracks could have been a little tougher  -  muddy's country blues recordings from the s certainly were  -  but  " folk singer "  remains a nice ,  mellow blues album	home april great full includes great short john put original country	expand
323390	f that this guy really had something to talk about because he is such a metaphoric rhymer and his delivery is very strong so i know i had to buy lupe fiasco's debut album  " food and liquor "  .  after listening to this album from beginning to end i was not at all disappointed but indeed this album really let me know that there are still a few rappers out there that are still kicking rhymes about issues that we deal with in everyday life instead of hearing these other mc's that dont rap about anything except cars ,  clothes ,  jewelry ,  and women .  i would recommend this album to anyone that is a fan of real rap because this album will open your eyes to alot of things in life .  my favorite tracks are  .  " the cool "  -  this song is basically about a young man who had diednot literally but he was able to come back to life and try to make a change for the better but at the same time he chose to live his life the same way he had lived it once before .  song is very metaphor and deep .   .  " he say she say " 	album album end album issues life album album open life young back life make change time life	expand
365864	trigger situation  .  prologue of 'dirge of cerberus'  .  fragment of memory  .  fearful happening  .  wro march  .  azui the cerulean  .  fight tune 'arms of shinra'  .  abhorrence whirls  .  silent edge  .  undulation  .  counteroffensive  .  ten year reunion  .  fight tune 'girl named shelke'  .  fight tune 'killing one another'  .  uneasy feelings  .  memories with lucrecia  .  sneaky cait sith  .  darkness  .  lifestream  .  rosso the crimson  .  mysterious ninja  .  ninja girl of wutai  .  sudden parting  .  discovery in sadness  .  proposal , a  .  high - spirited  .  return to the subject  .  marching tune  .  return to the origin  .  marching tune  .  fight tune 'crimson impact'  .  under a full moon  .  trespasser  .  transformation into chaos  .  splinter of sadness  .  deep darkness of shinra  .  lucrecia crescent  .  forgotten tears  .  fight tune 'messenger of the dark'  .  awakening  .  fight tune 'the immaculate'  .  finally reborn  .  last snd , the  .  everyone's help  .  lon	march fight tune ten year fight tune fight tune high return subject tune return tune fight tune full fight tune fight tune finally	expand
322125	awesome job .   " my healing "  is a nice song .  he put a little old time gospel in it .   " peace "  is an awesome song by shelia lakin and directteci spell it wrong haddon .  i love this song .   " sovergin "  is a nice song .  this song is great to teach a choir .   " rhema word "  is a nice worship song to end the st cd .  the second cd opens up with a little dialogue .  its funny .  next we have  " i believe "  i love this song .   " simple song "  really show off john kee's voice .  this is a nice slow jazzy song .   " it's possible "  is great .  this also is a song that you teach your choir .   " jesus "  is a nice song with shelia lakin on lead .  this is a churchy song .   " best friend' is awesome ladonna ,  shelia ,  jb ,  and john kee did an excellent job on lead .   " dance "  is a nice to teach a youth choir .   " rain on us "  is a remake of the  " rain "  off the inner city choir cd .   " wedding song "  is a really good song to have at yuor wedding .   " stop hiding "  is another great song that has john kee and ladonna mole on lead .   " not gulity "  is a nice	nice song time song love song nice song song great nice song end love song song john nice song great song nice song lead song john lead nice city song good song great song john lead nice	expand
