	target_text	input_text	prefix
195655	emmylou harris ,  feist ,  cat power ,  m .  ward ,  the black keys ,  bright eyes ,  brad mehldau and rosario ortega .  harris's th album ,  sub rosa ,  recorded in rio de janeiro ,  was released in july and features guest vocals from conor oberst ,  melody gardot ,  and norah jones .  harris's th album ,  the stripped down borne away ,  was released on june  ,   .  in  ,  harris joined john zorns ,  the song project ,  along with mike patton ,  sofia rei ,  and sean lennon ,  writing lyrics for various zorn compositions and singing them at festivals worldwide with a band featuring marc ribot on guitar ,  john medeski on keyboards ,  and zorn conducting .  two of the groups albums have been released by tzadik records .  harris and jones appear together in the david wainmichael showalter film ,  they came together ,  performing his song ,  it was the last thing on your mind ,  which harris produced .  in he appeared in showalter's film  " hello ,  my name is doris ,  "  performing his song ,   " anything was possib	power released july released june john song project john groups released david film song film song	expand
194002	istmas ,  a sequel ,  was produced in  .  since then ,  deyoung has appeared in more than films and television series ,  including harry and tonto  ,  the lindbergh kidnapping case  ,  captains and the kings  ,  the  ,  mile chase  ,  centennial as john skimmerhorn ,  blue collar as an fbi agent ,  shock treatment ,  the sequel to the rocky horror picture show ,  where he played twin characters who sang a duet with each other ,  master of the game as brad rogers ,  and flight of the navigator in which he played bill ,  david's father .  also in the s ,  he made a guest appearance on murder ,  she wrote ,  like fellow navigator actor joey cramer .  in he guest - starred in the television show beauty and the beast as the specialist in voodoo professor alexander ross .  in the civil war film glory ,  he played union colonel james montgomery .  other projects included the films suicide kings and last flight out  .  he has guest - sta	series including case john show played game played made show war played projects	expand
184477	edfordshire university ,  for her lifetime contribution to the performing arts .  in december  ,  robbins released her third album ,  a jazz based affair ,  entitled soho nights ,  which was written as a collaboration with the italian saxophonist alessandro tomei ,  and recorded at abbey road studios in london .  robbins also co - wrote the well - received easy listening album we're just passing through with broadcaster and journalist nicky campbell ,  which was released in  .  robbins was one of the grumpy old women on a sell - out tour in with comedian jenny eclair and actress susie blake .  robbins appeared in british sitcom citizen khan in december and toured again with grumpy old women during spring  .  robbins appeared in bbc one's holby city in as mature expectant mother stella clark .  she then went on to play the lead role in farrena films' comedy - thriller short movie the other side with valerie hope .  film and television work robbins acted in feat	university december based road london women british december women city play work	expand
205940	he participated in the brno round of the f international masters season ,  where he took a pole position .  during the season petrov made his debut in the gp series for david price racing .  he replaced french driver olivier pla ,  who lost his sponsorship from direxiv in the team from the german round onwards .  in he moved to campos grand prix ,  where he joined giorgio pantano .  he scored five point - scoring positions from races and took his first victory at valencia on his way to finishing th in the standings .  in the gp asia series season for campos ,  behind champion romain grosjean and sbastien buemi .  in the main series petrov remained with the campos team .  he finished seventh in final standings ,  taking a win at the valencia street circuit .  he finished fifth ,  with a win in the sepang sprint race ,  in the gp asia series season for campos .  he stayed with the team for  ,  now rebranded as barwa addax ,  and finished as runner - up to the dominant nico	round international season season made series price team round point series season main series team street series season team	expand
197946	hakov quickly established himself as a first choice striker with tsvetan genkov and ccero .  he scored his first goal for dynamo with a powerful strike from outside of the penalty area against fc moscow .  during the season kerzhakov become the top scorer in the squad as dynamo finished third to earn a play off spot in the qualifiers for the uefa champions league .  during the season kerzhakov maintained his spot as a first choice striker ahead of aleksandr kokorin and fedor smolov but the season turned out to be less successful as dynamo finished eighth and lost to celtic and cska sophia in an attempt to qualify for the champions league and inaugural europa league .  return to zenit in january  ,  kerzhakov rescinded the last year of his contract with dynamo and returned to his first professional club zenit st .  petersburg ,  .  the following season began with a disappointing loss to fc twente in the europa league round of  .  however ,  kerzhakov went on to hav	choice area season top play league season choice season league league return january year club season league	expand
202052	an flatwater canoer and current world and european champion in the canadian canoe c -  m event .  popa's first international title came in as a member of the romania crew that won the c -  m and c -  m gold medal at the european under -  championship in boulogne ,  france .  in in zagreb ,  croatia ,  popa won gold medals in both the c -  m and m events .  in the c -  final in zagreb ,  he partnered with his brother constantin and took the bronze medal .  he then moved from his hometown club of constructorul hunedoara in hunedoara ,  romania to romania's premier club dinamo bucharest .  in  ,  popa was selected to represent romania at a major senior championship .  in pozna ,  poland .  he won the european championship in his first attempt as a member of the c -  m crew ,  with florin popescu ,  silviu simioncencu and josif chiril .  popa also competed in the c -  m race ,  winning a bronze medal .  in august  ,  popa's crew won the world championship c - 	current world european event international member won european won events club club major won european member won world	expand
204930	nd had a recurring role on the canadian drama instant star as vincent spiederman until  .  music kyte has released an ep ,  titled the let's talk ep .  the ep has original songs ,  written and performed by tyler kyte .  kyte played a rockstar on the show instant star for seasons where he was the guitarist for the backup band for jude harrison alexz johnson .  in the show ,  he performs a different version of the song from his ep ,   " what you need "  there are three versions the original demo ,  the let's talk epinstant star version ,  and the talking pictures version .  the song is on the songs from instant star three soundtrack ,  along with two songs that were performed by johnson on the show .  due to johnson's management at the time ,  they were not put on the soundtrack .  instead ,  kyte recorded the two songs and they were put on the soundtrack .  the two songs are  " unraveling "  and  " worth waiting for "  .  tyler also performs a song ,   " remind yourself "  ,  on the fourth season of insta	star music talk original songs show star show version original talk star version version songs star songs show management time put songs put songs	expand
187555	in the final although at that time ,  his ranking nd was lower than his junior compatriot chen long .  in september ,  lin won the japan open ,  his first super series title of the year .  he made a remarkable fightback after trailing  -  in the deciding game of the men's singles final against denmarks viktor axelsen but fought back to win  -  ,   -  ,   -  in one hour and minutes .  in march ,  lin defeated chou tien - chen to clinch his seventh men's singles title at the german open .  the two had a fierce battle early on in the match ,  which saw lin defeated by chou in the first set  -  .  exactly week after his triumphant win at the final of the german open ,  lin regained his all england title in birmingham england ,  giving him his th win at the event .  in impressive form ,  he beat fellow team china player tian houwei  -  ,   -  .  in april ,  lin dan beat world no .  chen long in straight games  -  and  -  to lift his sixth china masters crown in jiangsu ,  chi	final time long open year made final back open set final open england england world long	expand
206926	is former club wolves in the football league trophy final at wembley ,  collecting a runners up medal .  he left burnley and league football in  ,  joining north ferriby united .  non - league management he was manager of north ferriby united between and  .  he later managed pontefract colleries ,  winterton rangers and denaby united before being appointed manager of goole in november from where he was sacked in september  .  he later returned to manage pontefract ,  but resigned in december  .  winterton rangers in november he was appointed manager of winterton rangers for a second time ,  his first match in charge being the northern counties east football league division one  -  home with lincoln moorlands on november  .  he guided the club to promotion ,  as runners - up to parkgate ,  in the  -  season and then to be champions of the northern counties east league premier division the following season when they also won the leagu	club league league north united league management manager north united united manager november november manager time east league home november club east league	expand
199410	he  - metre backstroke and a gold medal in the medley relay .  josh was australia's first male backstroke world champion when he won the m backstroke at the fina short course world championships in hong kong .  he also won bronze in the  - metre backstroke at the pan pacific swimming championships in sydney .  at the summer olympics in sydney ,  watson swum the backstroke leg in the heats of the  - metre medley relay ,  before being replaced by matt welsh in the team that trailed the united states team home in the final .  watson was also a finalist in the  - metre backstroke ,  where he was narrowly beaten into fourth place .  watson continued to be selected in the same role except for a self - imposed break in until the summer olympics in athens ,  when he failed to qualify for the semifinals of the  - metrebackstroke .  this enabled him to collect a gold medal in the times ;  - metre medley relay at the world aquatics championships in fukuoka ,  japan . 	world won short world won summer team united team home place role summer times world	expand
205175	he joined wolves primarily to replace the then - injured mark kennedy ,  and played the remainder of the  -  season as wolves ,  who had been challenging for automatic promotion for most of the season ,  finished in the play - offs .  wolves eventually lost to norwich city ,  despite cooper scoring a spectacular long range goal in the second leg .  he then featured regularly ,  although not as a first choice player ,  throughout the following season as the team won promotion to the premier league .  cooper did not get to enjoy the top flight though .  his one substitute appearance against charlton athletic was the only premier league appearance of his career .  he spent the later half of the season on loan at second tier clubs sunderland and norwich city ,  where he won a championship medal as the canaries won the division .  he returned to wolves ,  post - relegation ,  and found himself back in the side during the  -  season .  however ,  he requested a transfer for more playing time ,  and was signed again	season season city long range season team won top season city won won found back season time	expand
201089	mpetition .  this was his first senior goal ,  his second came in a defeat to sheffield united at bramall lane .  overall ,  corden played games under john rudge in  .  he was limited to sixteen appearances in  ,  as rudge was sacked and replaced by brian horton in january .  corden remained at vale park until the end of the season ,  when he was given a free transfer ,  having been given just two games throughout the campaign .  corden signed for bill dearden's mansfield town in  ,  and scored five goals in games in  .  he then helped the team achieve promotion to the second division in  ,  scoring nine goals in games .  the club were relegated back into the third division under keith curle's management at the end of the campaign ,  though corden managed to hit goals in his appearances .  he then scored eight goals in games in  ,  and played in the play - off final ,  which mansfield lost on penalties to huddersfield town ;  corden's spot - kic	games john end free games town games team games club back management end games play town	expand
196020	bill randolph born october  ,  is an american actor who has starred in films and appeared on television .  he starred with mercedes hall mother of anthony michael hall in lanny meyer and arthur morey's social protest disco musical st .  joan of the microphone ,  which played in new york city parks and festivals ,  including the lincoln center outdoor festival ,  in the summer of  .  he created the role of the club heart - throb ,  supersonic phil harmonic .  randolph's first feature film was the horror movie dressed to kill  ,  but he is best known for his role in the horror movie friday the th part as jeffrey .  he also starred in the movie penn teller get killed ,  and his most recent movie appearance was in the film guilty as charged .  he made guest appearances on tv shows such as hill street blues and as the world turns .  randolph starred in the short lived tv series comedy zone in  ,  and in the series trauma center .  filmography	hall hall social city including role film role part film made world series series	expand
194060	vonareva .  career peng began playing at age eight when an uncle a famous tennis coach in china and the only other family member who plays tennis introduced her to the game .  she favors hard courts and her double - handed forehand though her backhand is the better side .  her father peng jijun is a police officer and her mother is zhang bing .  at age  ,  peng was admitted to a hospital for heart surgery to repair a defect ,  a situation which she explained in the  " impossible is nothing "  campaign from adidas .  in  ,  at the beginning of june ,  aged just fifteen years and four months ,  she won her first singles title at baotou ,  a  ,  international tennis federation itf tournament ,  after entering as a wildcard ,  and crushing highly capable countrywoman sun tiantian  ,  in the semifinal .  in july ,  she won her second  ,  tournament of the year although she was assisted in the final by the retirement of her opponent liu nannan after just one	age family member game age june years months international july year	expand
196706	' hopkins ,  and jeff beck .  she was in jeff beck's touring band for three years starting in  ,  and appears on his albums who else !  and you had it coming .  between and batten worked with dave rodgers and domino as featured guitarist on the eurobeat songs  " sun city "  ,   " music for the people "  ,   " fly "  and  " woa woa woa .  "  her writing and performing is uncredited on several other songs under the a - beat c label .  her live eurobeat appearances were limited to playing at the tokyo dome with rodgers and queen of hearts .  in she recorded a solo for the song  " bad girls "  by polish singer doda .  she partnered on a melodic rock cd with vocalist marc scherer and producer jim peterik formerly of survivor which was released in september  ,  entitled battlezone .  all songs were written or co - written by peterik .  special guests included saxophonist mindi abair and chicago vocalist bill champlain .  the song  " space and time "  was co - written with jon wetton ,  and  " all roads "  was c	years city music people live september written written special space time written	expand
186400	gambling commission .  the wpbsa ,  however ,  did not launch an investigation .  in  ,  ebdon beat john higgins to win the china open .  however ,  in the subsequent world championship ,  ebdon lost to nigel bond in the first round .  a year later ,  after a disappointing season ,  ebdon once again lost in the world championship ,  this time to graeme dott .  this result meant ebdon dropped out of the top in the world rankings after an uninterrupted  - year stay .  at the start of the season ebdon issued a statement announcing that he would not be able to play to the best of his ability in the last round of the shanghai masters qualifiers .  he reached the second round of the tournament though by winning his qualifying match by against michael white ,  and then his last match against neil robertson before losing against mark king  .  he enjoyed a good return of form in the world open ,  where he beat steve davis  ,  fergal o'brien  ,  liu song  ,  an	john open world round year world time top world year start round round good form world open	expand
187159	als after losing to vitria de guimares .  this ,  along with an offer from psv ,  sufficed for the manager to leave one year before the end of his contract ,  even though benfica reached the quarter - finals of the champions league before losing to barcelona ,  who ended up winning the trophy .  psv in the season ,  koeman served as head coach of psv ,  as successor to guus hiddink .  psv dominated the first season half ,  keeping competitors az and ajax at a reasonable distance ,  and psv seemed almost destined to become champions again .  psv ,  however ,  suffered in the second half of the season ,  also because of injuries of players jefferson farfn ,  alex and ibrahim afellay ,  obtaining only out possible points .  az and ajax regained their momentum ,  making for a close finish ,  with all three teams tied at points before the last competition day .  az played struggling excelsior in their final match ,  but did not manage to win .  ajax played at willem ii ,  but did not score enough goa	offer year end season head season half half season points making points day played played	expand
207195	james harvey born february is an australian former professional basketball player who played seasons in the national basketball league nbl .  basketball career born and raised in perth ,  harvey began playing for the cockburn cougars of the state basketball league sbl in and won the league's rookie of the year award the following year .  after another successful year in the sbl with the perry lakes hawks in  ,  harvey signed with the perth wildcats for the nbl season and continued playing for the wildcats until  .  he was part of perth's nbl championship and grand final appearance ,  and won the league's most improved player award in  .  harvey also continued to play in the sbl with perry lakes in  ,  and with the willetton tigers in  ,  leading the league in scoring that year with total points .  in games over five sbl seasons ,  harvey averaged  .  points per game .  following the conclusion of the	player national playing state year award year year playing part player award play year points points game	expand
205236	ng been joined on the left wing by davie wilson ,  his best season came in  ,  in which he played in all of rangers' league games ,  scoring goals ,  and in all competitions .  these included five goals in rangers' run to the final of the cup winners cup ,  three of which were scored in an victory over borussia mnchengladbach .  brand played in four scottish championship winning sides  ,   ,  and the treble winning side of  .  he won four league cup and three scottish cup winner's medals ,  the latter set achieved in consecutive years in which he was a scorer in every final plus a goal in the old firm replay of  ,  the only player to have achieved that feat .  international goals scores and results list scotland's goal tally first .  honours as a player rangers scottish league first division  ,   ,   ,  scottish cup  ,   ,  ref namerfcdundee	left run final cup cup scottish cup scottish cup set years final international results list scottish scottish cup	expand
199472	april  ,  is a canadian former professional basketball player .  he played part of one season in the national basketball association nba and in the early s for the canadian national men's basketball team .  born in montreal ,  quebec ,  crevier played for dawson college cegep before enrolling at boston college ,  where during his four years he came off the bench for the eagles .  despite his limited playing time the  - foot crevier was drafted by the chicago bulls in the fourth round th pick overall in the draft .  he did not make team however and played instead in the continental basketball association for the toronto tornados ,  along with fellow canadian jim zoet .  crevier began the  -  season playing for the springfield flame of the united states basketball league ,  and posted the third most blocked shots in the league with  .  per game .  he joined the golden state warriors in mid - season and saw a minute of action in one game .  he later joined the detroit pistons	part season national association national team college college years time make team association season game season game	expand
205067	n mid -  he signed with record label irl .  in october he released the single 'running' ,  followed by the album 'country northern' in may  .  he then relocated to middlesbrough in the north east of england .  donnelly is part of the stockton on tees pub based male voice choir ,  infant hercules .  donnelly has toured extensively ,  performing solo shows and supporting artists such as the levellers ,  oysterband ,  seth lakeman ,  damien dempsey ,  and duke special .  he has also performed as part of the live bands of the levellers ,  oysterband and joy zipper .  his own recording and touring live band ,  sonovagun ,  has included ali mcmordie of stiff little fingers on bass guitar and television composer roy harter on keyboards and theremin .  donnelly has become a favorite act on the uk summer festival circuit ,  having performed at glastonbury festival's leftfield stage ,  beautiful days festival ,  the big session ,  and various festivals throughout europe .  in may dan was announced as th	october north east england part based special part live live act days	expand
194407	c .  unseeded in the womens singles draw of the dubai championships ,  she lost in the second round to eventual runner - up ,  karolna plkov .  she also lost her second round match in doha to former no .   ,  venus williams after failing to convert a match point .  on march  ,  she achieved a career - high ranking of world no .   .  it was the first time in the open era that the world's top featured four czech women also with petra kvitov at no .   ,  lucie afov at no .   ,  and karolna plkov at no .   .  after a couple of early losses at auckland and brisbane ,  strcov got as far as the last of the australian open ,  where she was beaten by victoria azarenka ,  and in february to the final at dubai ,  where she came runner - up to sara errani .  this latter success took her back to within the top  .  in her next tournament qatar open ,  she defeated kristina mladenovic in the first round ,  and then lost to compatriot petra kvitov in straight sets .  at the bnp paribas	lost round lost round march high world time open top early open back top open round lost	expand
202303	the semifinals of the us open .  her partner in each event was francesca schiavone .  she also lost in the us open mixed doubles final with martin damm to bob bryan and martina navratilova .  at the us open ,  peschke and rennae stubbs reached the doubles semifinals ,  before losing to nathalie dechy and dinara safina .  the peschke - stubbs team won their first title in stuttgart .  in the final ,  the team defeated chan yung - jan and safina in three sets .  other titles included los angeles and the zurich open .  peschke partnered with aisam - ul - haq qureshi of pakistan to reach the final of the mixed doubles at the us open .  in the final ,  peschke and qureshi lost to bob bryan and liezel huber in straight sets .  peschke and slovenia's katarina srebotnik were one of the most victorious doubles team in  .  the pair won in auckland ,  doha ,  carlsbad ,  eastbourne and beijing ,  they won their first grand slam title at wimbledon ,  defeating sabine lisicki and samantha	open event lost open final martin open team won title final team sets included open final open final lost sets team won won title	expand
191768	hampion claudia poll ,  and that year's fastest performer ,  hannah stockbauer .  bennett's time was the fastest in the event in nine years .  in the  - meter freestyle bennett again faced formidable competition from  -  and  - meter medley olympic winner yana klochkova ,  and kaitlin sandeno who had pulled a major upset in denying diana munz a place in the  - meter freestyle at the u . s .  olympic trials .  bennett led from the start ,  swam an aggressive and steady race ,  and won commandingly in the fastest  - meter freestyle time in years .  post olympics her attempt for a third straight olympic appearance fell short in  ,  following operations on both of her shoulders in  .  she finished third in the  - meter freestyle with only the top two finishers qualify for the olympic team .  the tampa tribune reported in december that bennett was planning an olympic comeback in  ,  but her bid for a rd olympics came up short .  list of world aquatics champ	time years major place start time years short top team short list world	expand
186607	m are dominated by surface tension ,  and much above by gravity .  the value of this wavelength and the associated minimum phase speed cm are derivation as richard feynman put it ,   " water waves that are easily seen by everyone and which are usually used as an example of waves in elementary courses  .  .  .  are the worst possible example  .  .  .  ;  they have all the complications that waves can have .  "  the derivation of the general dispersion relation is therefore quite involved .  there are three contributions to the energy ,  due to gravity ,  to surface tension ,  and to hydrodynamics .  the first two are potential energies ,  and responsible for the two terms inside the parenthesis ,  as is clear from the appearance of g and  .  for gravity ,  an assumption is made of the density of the fluids being constant i . e .  ,  incompressibility ,  and likewise g waves are not high enough for gravitation to change appreciably .  for surface tension ,  the deviations from planarity as measured by derivati	surface put water general involved energy surface terms made high change surface	expand
199925	 ,  posting two top - ten finishes ,  and ran six races in the craftsman truck series in  ,  his best finish a nd at memphis motorsports park .  in october  ,  he attempted to start racing again with a team called hk motorsports .  hk motorsports was a co - owned business with eddie kucharski .  boys made two nascar busch series starts in  ,  both for randy macdonald .  he started th at milwaukee and finished nine laps down in th .  his most recent nascar start was at the race in montreal at the circuit gilles villeneuve .  he started st and finished th with transmission troubles on the road course .  motorsports career results nascar span style " font - size " bold  pole position awarded by qualifying time .  italics  pole position earned by points standings or practice time .  sprint cup series daytona nationwide series camping world truck series arca hooters supercar serie	top series start team business made series start road position time position time series series world series	expand
188167	chase .  the following year ,  kariuki won the steeplechase at the african championships in athletics ,  and then followed that up with a victory in a slow race at the iaaf world cup .  at the seoul olympics ,  kariuki was mostly considered as the third - string kenyan runner ,  but in the final ,  after a very fast start ,  kariuki and his fellow countryman peter koech broke clear ,  and a lap later ,  kariuki sped away from his more experienced teammate ,  and went on to win the gold medal .  he slowed down in the last few metres and finished in a time of  .  ,  just outside henry rono's world record of  .  .  in  ,  kariuki won the  ,  m at the universiade and the m steeplechase again in the iaaf world cup .  in  ,  he won gold easily at the commonwealth games and finished fourth at the following year's world championships .  kariuki remained one of the world's top steeplechasers for several more years after that ,  but the dominance of kenyan talent was so great ,  that he was never able aga	year won world final start clear time world won world won world top years great	expand
189328	signed by the montreal canadiens in  .  he played one season in the ahl with the sherbrooke canadiens and led the league with goals and points as a rookie ,  which garnered him three major awards ,  including the dudley  " red "  garrett memorial award as the league's top rookie .  the next season ,  he moved up to the nhl full - time ,  and scored goals and points in his rookie season .  over the next three seasons lebeau's point total steadily improved ,  climaxing with points in the season ,  the same year the canadians came away with the stanley cup .  however the next season he failed to produce at the same clip ,  and midway through was traded to the mighty ducks of anaheim for goalie ron tugnutt .  he would play in anaheim until  ,  and then he moved on to play in switzerland before retiring in  .  he currently resides in sherbrooke ,  quebec and runs the hockey program at bishop's college school in lennoxville .  in  ,  he started to coach the cougars of champlain colle	season points major including top season full time points season points season year season play play school	expand
200569	avid rimmer and edward knoll ,  in the early s .  she has been touring with her bands mostly in canada ,  so at the kaslo jazz festival with a psychedelic music style or as a member of sylvain provost trio at jazz en rafale festival  .  her eclecticism and familiarity with world ,  classical and jazz styles allow her to present works ranging from traditional ,  latin and contemporary jazz to ,  more recently ,  medieval album me ,  corps et dsir ,  and electro jazz album electro - beatniks ,   .  young established her own independent record label in  ,  les disques ursh .  since then ,  she has released nine records featuring combinations of artists from different musical backgrounds and traditions .  young composed the musical soundtracks for josephs daughter ,  a film by ilana schwartz ,  the road from kampuchea by anne henderson and for revoir julie by jeanne crepeau .  she was awarded another flix award in for me ,  corps et desir in the category  " best classic v	early festival music member festival world present works young young film road	expand
195616	 -  he sang with the renowned yl male choir performing for instance with the london symphony orchestra .  he has released four instrumental solo albums with the latest ,  entropia a collaboration with lahti symphony orchestra ,  released in january on bis - records .  he has also composed music to movies ,  tv and media .  in lauri received nordisk popularauktors npu - award and was nominated for harpa nordic film composer music award .  lauris own band lauri porra flyover ensemble has performed lauris music on tours and various festivals .  lauris orchestral music has been performed by finnish radio orchestra ,  trondheim symphony orchestra ,  lahti symphony orchestra and many others .  lauri is artistic partner of vantaa pops orchestra and artistic advisor of the helsinki festival .  discography solo albums orchestral works aineen ja ajan messu for orchestra ,  ensemble and two soloists domino suite for orchestra and soloist s	london latest january music media received award film music award band music music works	expand
186881	gnetic four - potentials correspond to the same electromagnetic field ,  depending upon the choice of gauge .  this article uses tensor index notation and the minkowski metric sign convention  .  see also covariance and contravariance of vectors and raising and lowering indices for more details on notation .  formulae are given in si units and gaussian - cgs units .  definition the electromagnetic four - potential can be defined as in which is the electric potential ,  and a is the magnetic potential a vector potential .  the units of a are vsm in si ,  and mxcm in gaussian - cgs .  the electric and magnetic fields associated with these four - potentials are phi mathbf ,  t frac int mathrm xprime frac mathbf a mathbf ,  t frac int mathrm xprime frac ,  where tr t  -  frac is the retarded time .  this is sometimes also expressed with rho mathbf' , trrho mathbf' , t ,  where the square brackets are	field choice article index sign details units units potential electric potential potential potential units electric time	expand
193766	ament was at the rogers cup .  in the first round stosur was drawn against yet another qualifier monica puig .  she managed to defeat her opponent in straight sets .  in the second round she was drawn against top - seed serena williams and lost in two sets .  th career win her first tournament in was brisbane international ,  where she lost in the first round to varvara lepchenko despite leading in the final set .  in sydney she reached the second round ,  where she lost to barbora zhlavov - strcov .  stosur then played at the australian open as the th seed .  she defeated monica niculescu in straight sets before losing in the second round to coco vandeweghe .  in february ,  stosur represented australia in the fed cup against germany .  she lost both her matches against andrea petkovic and angelique kerber .  stosur next played at the dubai where she lost in the second round to the third seed caroline wozniacki despite winning the first set .  her next tournament was the	round sets round top lost sets international lost round leading set round lost played open sets round february lost played lost round set	expand
200273	following dcu's to defeat of queen's university belfast in the final .  club cluxton joined the parnells club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels .  renowned for his shot stopping ,  his reflexes and his agility in these grades ,  some deemed him a little small for a goalkeeper and questioned his aerial ability when he eventually joined the club's senior team .  cluxton subsequently worked on these perceived weaknesses in his game and has been the club's first - choice goalkeeper since making his debut .  inter - county minor and under -  cluxton first played for dublin at minor level as a  - year - old .  on august  ,  he was in goal when dublin defeated wexford by to in the leinster final replay .  cluxton subsequently joined the dublin under -  team ,  making his first appearance on february in a leinster quarter - final defeat of longford .  after a disappointing debut season in the grad	university final club joined club young small joined team making level year final joined team making final	expand
201509	and earned five gold medals in the universiade .  career yakimenko started fencing at the age of in his hometown barnaul under coach aleksey fitsev ,  a friend of his father's .  he also practiced football and athletics ,  but fencing soon had his preference .  within two months of training he became champion of altai krai for his age group .  these results caused him get selected into the senior national team at the age of  .  yakimenko's debut senior competition was the team event of the world championships in lisbon ,  where he won a gold medal together with sergey sharikov ,  stanislav pozdnyakov and aleksey frosin .  he claimed his first individual medal at the european championships in bourges his winning streak was interrupted only in the final by his captain ,  four - time olympic champion pozdnyakov .  he came away with a silver medal ,  to which a team gold medal was added a few days later .  he was defeated in the second round of the world championships ,  but russia ret	age training age group results national team age team event world time team days world	expand
187596	inish fourth place .  he also competed in mixed doubles with partner mette schjoldager .  they defeated svetoslav stoyanov and victoria wright of france in the first round and kim yong - hyun and lee hyo - jung of korea in the second .  in the quarterfinals ,  eriksen and schjoldager beat nova widianto and vita marissa of indonesia  -  ,   -  to advance to the semifinals .  there ,  they lost to zhang jun and gao ling of china  -  ,   -  .  in the bronze medal match ,  they defeated fellow danish pair jonas rasmussen and rikke olsen  -  ,   -  to win the bronze medal .  he missed the chance to be the first danish sportsman in years since henning lynge jakobsen at the summer olympics to win two medals in the same olympic games .  achievements olympic games mixed doubles world championships men's doubles mixed doubles world cup men's doubles mixed doubles european championships men's doubles	place round lost win chance years summer win games games world world european	expand
205454	championship campaign to an end .  saw offaly open their championship campaign with a narrow extra - time defeat of antrim .  offaly's side were regarded as underdogs for their next game against galway ,  however ,  the men from the 'faithful county' nearly pulled off the shock of the championship .  a draw was the result ,  however ,  the replay was just as exciting with victory going narrowly to galway .  after defeating limerick offaly's interest in the championship was ended by eventual champions tipperary .  dooley stepped down from his post as offaly senior hurling manager on june  ,  following offaly's championship exit to cork by a narrow margin .  dooley managed the irish international hurlingshinty team to success over scotland in  ,  and  .  he also managed leinster in the interprovincial hurling competition in  ,  and  ,  winning the competition in and  .  he won an all star award in and was selected at left corner forward on the leinster	championship campaign end open championship campaign time championship championship june championship international team competition competition left	expand
201614	s part of jazz vocalist betty carter's band ,  through whose ranks several eventually renowned musicians passed .  lundy has also played on other jazz artists' recordings ,  including albums by john hicks ,  bobby watson ,  the steve nelson quintet and johnny griffin .  in the late s ,  he briefly stepped out of the background and issued just be yourself  .  a decade later ,  with justin time records ,  he released against all odds and purpose  .  both albums feature pianists john hicks and anthony wonsey .  lundy's arrangement of  " walk with me "  ,  recorded by the arc gospel choir ,  was sampled by rapper kanye west and became the grammy award - winning hit  " jesus walks "  .  curtis lundy is the brother of jazz vocalist carmen lundy .  discography as leader as sideman with johnny griffin with john hicks i'll give you something to remember me by limetree ,  with frank morgan city nights live at the jazz standard hig	part including john time john west award john give city live standard	expand
199130	for a series against pakistan ,  and ahead of the series he played tour matches in the united arab emirates for new zealand a to prepare and fight for a spot in the team .  after he played well for new zealand a he took a few days off to recover from kneecap irritation .  he was initially only expected to miss the first odi against pakistan ,  but he was later ruled out of the tour altogether and forced to return home early .  astle recovered from his injury and returned to first - class cricket in new zealand ,  where in february  ,  during the plunket shield season ,  he became the leading wicket - taker for canterbury ,  going past mark priest's total of dismissals .  astle returned to new zealand's national team in february for their home odi and test series against bangladesh .  because of his strong form and ish sodhi's struggles ,  he appeared to be new zealand's favoured second spinner for the cricket world cup alongside mitchell santner ,  but when new zealand announced their squa	series series team days home early february past national team february home series form world	expand
196387	the dream academy .  his most famous songs include  " life in a northern town "  ,   " the love parade "  ,   " the edge of forever "  ,   " this world "  ,   " indian summer "  ,   " power to believe "  and  "  angel "  .  biography laird - clowes was a member of alfalpha one album emi and the act one album  "  too late at  "  produced by joe boyd for his haniball label before the dream academy .  he was also a presenter for the first series of the channel music show ,  the tube .  the dream academy were formed in the s and released three albums for warnerreprise  " the dream academy "   .  " remembrance days and  " a different kind of weather  "  his solo album ,  mona lisa overdrive ,  was released under the name trashmonk in under alan mcgee's creation records ,  and re - released a few years later with two extra tracks  " mr karma "  and  " fur hat "  under the reinvented poptones label ,  again by mcgee .  a friend of david gilmour ,  with whom he co - produced both the dream ac	include life world member act produced music show days years produced	expand
202419	tes cork scored nine unanswered points and went on to win the game by to  .  it was gardiner's first all - ireland medal .  in cork were on form again with gardiner enjoying his best season in the cork colours .  the team won back the provincial crown that year with a to victory over tipperary .  it was gardiner's second munster medal as cork went on the march for glory once again .  the subsequent all - ireland final saw galway provide the opposition .  neither side broke away into a considerable lead ,  however ,  at the final whistle cork were ahead by to  .  for the second year in - a - row cork were the champions and gardiner collected his second all - ireland medal .  he was later honoured by being presented with his first all - star award while also being named gpa hurler of the year .  saw cork turn their attentions to a first three - in - a - row of all - ireland titles since  .  the provincial decider saw cork take on tipperary for the second consecutive year .  once agai	game ireland form team back year march ireland final provide side final year ireland year ireland year	expand
204582	shed a disappointing th place in their group .  auxerre also finished out of europe in the league standings ,  which prompted an exodus of players looking to continue playing in uefa competitions ,  which included cheyrou .  marseille following the season ,  marseille sporting director jos anigo sought cheyrou's services after stating he was impressed with the player's performances during the season .  on june  ,  after weeks of discussion ,  marseille reached an agreement with auxerre for the transfer of cheyrou with the player agreeing to a four - year deal and the southern coast club playing auxerre  million for his services .  cheyrou was presented along with new recruits gal givet and laurent bonnart and was assigned the number shirt .  cheyrou made his club debut for the team on august in a draw with strasbourg .  cheyrou formed an amazing three - way midfield partnership with fellow frenchman samir nasri and the rugged albanian lorik cana .  cheyrou sc	place group season services season june year club services number made club team	expand
193866	n the final in rome .  littbarski scored his only goal in the group stage against colombia but started three of the four games at the knockout stage ,  including the final .  managerial career in  ,  he started his coaching career with yokohama fc of japan football league and he led the club to the promotion to j league .  he has also been the manager of yokohama fc twice ,  as well as assistant manager of bayer leverkusen and manager of msv duisburg .  sydney fc he was manager of australian a - league side sydney fc between and  ,  and led them to the fifa club world championship in  ,  and a win in the inaugural a - league championship .  he was famous amongst sydney fc supporters and the media for his stylish brown suits .  sydney under littbarski were criticised for boring football ,  but the results could seldom be argued with and sydney fc went on to claim the inaugural a - league championship under his reign .  littbarski and sydney fc severed t	final group stage started stage including final started league club league manager manager manager manager league club world league results league	expand
205866	onald scored two goals in the last six minutes against partick thistle to help saints to a win .  macdonald was awarded a three - year contract extension in february  .  again ,  though ,  he picked up an injury during the pre - season .  he appeared and scored in the second competitive match of the season ,  a win over queen of the south ,  but returned to the treatment table not long afterwards .  it wasn't until february that he next appeared .  in the season ,  macdonald was sent off during saints' draw with ross county in dingwall on november  ,  just thirteen minutes after coming on as a substitute ,  for a challenge that gave the visitors a last - minute penalty .  peaso made a scoring start to the league season when he cracked home the opening goal in the win over livingston but overall the opening months of the season were disappointing for him as he struggled to get a regular place in the starting line - up .  fit again ,  and as the only playe	minutes year february season season south long february season minutes made start season home season place	expand
195595	tage joan of arc ,  music drama for sopranos ,  tenor ,  baritone ,  narrator ,  flute ,  cello ,  harp and percussion the fall of lucifer ,  music drama in acts for soloists ,  chorus and five instruments goldberg's dream running figures ,  ballet mass ,  ballet for chorus ,  trombones and percussionist playing piano hard times ,  opera  ;  after the novel by charles dickens nicholas nickleby ,  incidental music for the play by charles dickens orchestral gending for brass ,  woodwind ,  celesta and percussion a different dawn for celesta ,  percussion and string orchestra brass band concertante trumpet concerto the turning world for trumpet ,  string orchestra and percussion city adventures ,  concerto for percussion and orchestra the calm ,  concerto for violin ,  trumpet ,  harp and string orchestra  ,   ;  arranged for th	music music running playing hard times charles music play charles band world city	expand
198844	 ,  but it also may be useful in reducing organic consequences and sequelae of these signs and symptoms of the disease .  in many diseases ,  even in those whose etiologies are known e . g .  ,  most viral diseases ,  such as influenza ,  symptomatic treatment is the only one available so far .  examples of symptomatic treatments anti - inflammatory agents ,  for inflammation caused by arthritis when the etiology for the disease is known ,  then specific treatment may be instituted ,  but it is generally associated to symptomatic treatment ,  as well .  symptomatic treatment is not always recommended ,  and in fact it may be outright dangerous ,  because it may mask the presence of an underlying etiology which will then be forgotten or treated with great delay .  examples low - grade fever for days or more sometimes is the only symptom of bacteremia by staphylococcus bacteria .  suppressing it by symptomatic treatment will hide the disease from effective diagnosis and treatment with antibiotic	disease diseases diseases treatment examples disease specific treatment treatment treatment fact great examples low days treatment disease effective treatment	expand
206007	ull - forward for the replay on september but was held scoreless in the  -  to  -  defeat .  junior and intermediate landers was selected for the cork junior team for the first time during the munster championship .  he made his first appearance on june and scored four points from centre - forward in a  -  to  -  defeat by clare .  landers was selected for the junior team again the following year ,  however ,  he failed to secure a place on the starting fifteen for the opening rounds .  on june  ,  he was introduced as a substitute at full - forward and collected a munster championship medal following a  -  to  -  defeat of tipperary in the final .  on june  ,  landers made his first appearance for the cork intermediate team .  he was at centre - back for the  -  to  -  defeat of clare in the opening round of the munster championship .  landers was dropped from the starting fifteen for the rest of the provincial campaign ,  however ,  he won a munster championship	forward team time made june centre forward team year place june full forward june made team centre back	expand
187694	in  ,  playing alongside del piero and fabrizio ravanelli .  during his four seasons with the club he totaled appearances ,  scoring goals .  chelsea vialli joined chelsea in the summer of on a free transfer as part of manager ruud gullit's rebuilding of the side .  the team won the fa cup in vialli's first season ,  with the italian scoring two goals in a comeback over liverpool in the fourth round .  however ,  a feud with gullit saw him regularly left out of the starting line - up ;  in the final itself he was limited to a five - minute appearance as a late substitute .  during the season ,  vialli scored four goals in a league win over barnsley and a hat - trick against norwegian side troms in the cup winners' cup ,  but still could not cement his place in the side under gullit .  however ,  following gullit's dismissal in early  ,  vialli assumed the role of a player - manager ,  winning the cup winners' cup in  ,  and the league cup .  he followed these victories u	club free part manager side team cup left side cup cup place side early manager cup cup cup	expand
204808	fourth goal to his tally in stevenage colours in april  ,  scoring from six yards in a win over forest green rovers to ensure stevenage were just two victories away from promotion .  the following week ,  he scored in the second in a win against kidderminster harriers in a game that witnessed stevenage secure promotion to the football league for the first time in their history .  on finishing the season as league champions ,  byrom said  " it feels brilliant .  words can't really describe it .  it's an unbelievable feeling "  .  he played times in all competitions during his first season with the club ,  scoring five goals .  byrom started in stevenage's first ever football league game ,  a home draw against macclesfield town .  he played in stevenage's televised league cup loss two days later against championship side portsmouth .  the following week ,  byrom gave away a penalty in a defeat at bradford city ,  which gareth evans converted to score the only goal of the game .  after playing t	april week game time history times club game home days week city game	expand
205989	 ,  oxford .  his musical career began in playing bass guitar in winchester band the big figure .  at oxford he continued as a bass player and vocalist in ron and his beat busters under the name miguel horton and communist alliance .  these outfits played a combination of cover versions and original material with new wave ,  rb and rockabilly influences .  as a guitarist he played in country blues trio the shovel robinson king biscuit country blue band .  momtchiloff was a founding member of the seminal twee pop bands talulah gosh ,  heavenly and its later incarnation marine research .  in  ,  he joined jessica griffin in her band the would - be - goods .  he has also played guitar for scarlet's well ,  les clochards ,  and hot hooves .  in he formed a band called tufthunter to record an album of his songs ,  each sung by a different singer .  this album was released in under the title 'deep hits' .  in addition to his music ,  momtchiloff is senior commissioning editor for philoso	oxford band big oxford played original played country country band member research band played band called music	expand
185294	udio albums and one ep ,  along with several live albums ,  from until their break - up in  .  over a decade after his first solo single ,  he used the time without a band to record his eponymous solo debut album for the new rose label in  .  it featured long - time collaboraters malcolm mortimore on drums and alan lee shaw on bass .  from to  ,  james then played guitar with the brussels - based band the dripping lips .  in he was invited by scottish vocalist robbie kelman to co - write the soundtrack for the film httpswww . imdb . comtitlett abracadabra ,  directed by harry cleven .  the subsequent soundtrack album ,  produced by kelman ,  was released in benelux by emiindisc .  the band was composed by robbie kelman on vocals ,  james on guitar ,  alan lee shaw on bass and paul zahl ex - flamin' groovies on drums .  kelman brought in his friend and record producer jimmy miller to helm their second album ,  ready to crack .  shaw had moved on to play guitar in the damned ,  and nico	live single time band record long time james based band film band james record play	expand
194029	in diehl won the bronze medal at the european individual championships in manchester , ref name "  "  and in june claimed the european tour circuit finals gold medal ,  beating susan egelstaff in the final in three sets .  also saw diehl beat current world champion lu lan of china to reach the semi final of swiss open .  achievements european championships women's singles european junior championships girls' singles girls' doubles bwf grand prix the bwf grand prix has two level such as grand prix and grand prix gold .  it is a series of badminton tournaments ,  sanctioned by badminton world federation bwf since  .  women's singles women's doubles bwf grand prix gold tournament bwf grand prix tournament bwf international challengeseries women's singles women's doubles mixed doubles bwf international challenge tournament bwf international seri	european june european final current world final open european european grand grand level grand grand series world grand grand international international international	expand
196490	that too at quick rate ,  chetan was seen as a natural successor to kapil dev in the all - rounder category .  by the early nineties ,  his bowling dropped in pace and its sharpness and his strike rate had dropped considerably .  world cup in the reliance world cup in  ,  sharma took the first hat - trick in the history of tournament when he clean bowled ken rutherford ,  ian smith and ewen chatfield of new zealand off consecutive balls .  post world cup he played the most noted innings of his career against england in the nehru cup in  .  sent in at no .  with india facing a target of  ,  he scored a in balls ,  completing his hundred with the match - winning run .  he made another important contribution in india's win against australia in the next match ,  sharing an unfinished partnership of runs with manoj prabhakar and ending the match with a six .  but his bowling had waned considerably and he was excluded from the tour of pakistan a few weeks later . 	rate early rate world cup world cup history world cup england cup match run made important match match	expand
202124	returned to senegal where they settled in the town of rufisque ,  near the capital dakar .  he plays guitar and harmonica ,  and has been called  " the bob dylan of africa "  .  in the s ,  lo studied at the school of art in dakar .  he later joined the popular group super diamono ,  but left in to start a solo career .  over the next four years lo recorded five popular solo albums .  in  ,  he composes the soundtrack for ousmane sembene's camp de thiaroye and plays in it .  he will also star in moussa sene absa's film tableau ferraille iron landscape ,  in  ,  and compose more soundtracks .  in  ,  lo signed a recording deal with barclay and recorded in france his seventh solo album ,  ismael lo .  thanks to the success of the single  " tajabone "  the album became a hit in the european charts .  the album launched los international career .  iso was recorded and released in  ,  and also became a success .  the album contains soft guitar melodies and traditional senegalese mbalax .  the fol	school art popular group left start years popular album success album album international success album	expand
182363	na anatolyevna privalova  ;  sergeyeva on november is a russian athlete who has won a gold medal at the olympics .  she first competed in the sprint events ,  winning two olympic medals in the  m and anchoring the x team ,  plus fourth place in the  m in whilst representing the unified team .  with three european individual championships and three individual world medals ,  irina privalova had been a formidable competitor during most of the s but had not yet won an outdoor world championship gold medal .  in  ,  she gambled successfully and switched to the  m hurdles discipline winning the olympic title in sydney in  .  s and a bronze in the x  m relay team for russia .  irina privalova is currently the world indoor record holder in the m  .  s ,  m  .  s sprints .  she has also been the world indoor champion at the m  .  s in  ,  m  .  s in  ,  and m  .  s in events .  privalova	november won events team place whilst team european individual individual world won world team world record world events	expand
193166	police ,  poland  ;  regained town status in bnin  ;  currently a borough of krnik ;  wielkopolskie oliwa  ;  currently a borough of gdask ;  pomorskie th century kamionna prior to  ,  again in  ;  wielkopolskie bakaarzewo prior to  ;  podlaskie voivodeship czerwisk nad wis bishop's part in  ,  monastery part in  ,  both joined in late th century ysobyki as przetoczno ;  in name has been chan	police poland town status borough borough century prior prior part part joined late century	expand
198878	g season ,  instead seeking new playing opportunities in canada .  on february  ,  it was reported that both fordyce and watson would join fc edmonton .  after seasons in edmonton ,  fordyce would leave the club as it's all - time leading scorer .  united soccer league club fc cincinnati announced that they had signed fordyce on january  .  after seeing limited minutes with fc cincinnati ,  fordyce was released by the club in june  .  shortly after his release from fc cincinnati ,  fordyce re - signed with fc edmonton .  after the season ,  with the future of fc edmonton and the nasl in doubt ,  fordyce was released from fc edmonton .  international football fordyce has represented northern ireland at under -  international ,  scoring both goals in their european u championship victory over moldova in october  .  he also scored four goals for northern ireland u -  against serbia montenegro .  he has made appearances for the northern ireland national under - 	season club time club club june season future international northern ireland international northern ireland made northern ireland national	expand
201996	n and won caps for the malta national team .  after retiring as a player ,  he managed birkirkara ,  sliema wanderers and malta .  playing career sliema wanderers a sweeper ,  buttigieg began his career at hometown maltese premier league club sliema wanderers at age  .  he established himself in the team during the season ,  missing just two league games as the club finished runners - up to hibernians in the league and the maltese fa trophy .  the blues were relegated in the following season ,  but reclaimed their place in the premier league by finishing as first division champions .  buttigieg's best season came in  ,  when his performances earned him the maltese premier league player of the year award .  the blues would go on to win the league the title the following season ,  but buttigieg managed just one appearance before departing the club in november  .  he made league appearances and scored six goals during eight years with sliema .  he also t	national team league club age team season league club league season place league season league year league season club made league years	expand
198863	r who played in tests and odis from to  .  drum attended rosmini college in auckland .  domestic career drum played for the auckland cricket team between and and was one of the most consistent performers .  he ended his career with first class wickets and limited overs wickets in the domestic competitions .  international career drum made his debut for new zealand against pakistan in the march  ,  in the second test match .  the match was played at jade stadium .  he became the third bowler to take a wicket with his first legitimate ball in test cricket at this ground when he had ijaz ahmed stepping on his wicket before completing his shot .  drum was also a member of the new zealand squad that won a bronze medal at the commonwealth games ,  which was the only time cricket was included in commonwealth games .  he played his last test match in april  ,  and retired from all forms of cricket soon afterwards at the relatively youn	played career played team career international career made march test played test member games time games played test	expand
191769	live  .  ain't no foolin me live  .  prince of nothing charming live  .  loaded gun live  .  forget the storm  -  deluxe edition kicking my heels prince of nothing charming loaded gun you'll ask for me alternatefull studio version jenny feat .  elizabeth huett can't stop now ain't no fooling me leave him i belong hey jesus aint't no fooling me acoustic jenny acoustic loaded gun acoustic prince of nothing charming acoustic next to you acoustic indian summer one more song that kind of night indian summer this is where my heart breaks i want to be in love so bad studio chatter give me that summer california time's a wastin' just might be tonight only ones left in the	live live live live version leave summer kind night summer heart love give summer left	expand
199651	viva world cup non - fifa nations football ,  defunct australian rules football rugby league football rugby union football gymnastics hockey field hockey hockey world cup sometimes called the hockey world championships ,  the men's field hockey world cup women's hockey world cup ,  the women's field hockey world cup hockey junior world cup ,  the junior men's field hockey world cup women's hockey junior world cup ,  the junior women's field hockey world cup ice hockey junior club world cup ,  for junior ice hockey club teams bandy bandy world cup ,  for bandy also known as russian hockey motorsports a grand prix ,  a series billed as the  " world cup of motorsport "  multi - sport events professional wrestling raquetsports table tennis world cup men's singles ,  women's singles ,  men's team an	world cup football football football football field world cup called world field world cup world cup field world cup junior world cup junior field world cup junior world cup junior field world cup junior club world cup junior club world cup series world cup events world cup team	expand
191302	the title race ,  robins was injured and unavailable for selection .  two wry forms of consolation for robins in a frustrating season came during the first half of the campaign .  on october  ,  he scored twice in their win over portsmouth in the league cup third round ,  putting them on course for a strong run in the competition which culminated in them winning it for the very first time .  on november  ,  he collected a european super cup winner's medal as a non playing substitute as united beat red star belgrade in the game at old trafford .  at the end of the season ,  he asked to be transfer listed .  norwich city he left manchester united for norwich city for a fee of  ,  where he played an important role in some of the club's greatest successes ,  including the remarkable win in the olympiastadion against bayern munich in the uefa cup .  in his first game his two goals helped norwich defeat arsenal at highbury on the opening day of the first e	season time united game end season city left united city important including game day	expand
206593	g .  a to victory gave s a seventh munster winners' medal .  the all - ireland series proved no difficulty for kerry ;  however ,  s picked up an injury in the semi - final which ruled him out of the final against mayo .  a to championship decider victory gave kerry the victory .  in kerry were hot favourites to retain their all - ireland title .  all was going to plan as s's side reached yet another provincial final .  in a return to tradition ,  cork were the opponents .  a close game developed ,  however ,  in the end kerry were the narrow winners by to  .  it was s's eighth munster winners' medal .  following this win kerry cruised through the all - ireland series to reach another championship decider with tyrone providing the opposition .  in one of the great finals of the decade ,  the result remained in doubt until the final whistle .  cinnide powered his team ahead with a goal after just six minutes .  tyrone responded in kind with a peter canavan goal just before half - t	ireland series final final ireland side final return game end ireland series great final team minutes	expand
197303	up to the summer olympics .  imler started all six games as the u . s .  qualified for the tournament .  he was then named to the u . s .  soccer team for the games .  at the olympics ,  the u . s .  went  -  -  and did not qualify for the second round .  on march  ,   ,  imler earned his only caps with the u . s .  national team in a  -  tie with el salvador .  however ,  in the d minute ,  he tore ligaments in his right knee during the game and was replaced by yari allnutt who scored a goal .  imler never appeared again for the senior national team .  coach since retiring from playing professionally ,  imler has held several positions as a youth soccer coach .  he was a director of coaching and team coach with charlotte soccer academy in north carolina .  in may  ,  imler became the head coach of the belmont abbey college women's soccer coach .  he took the team to a  -  -  record in his only season as head coach .  he resigned on july  ,   .  in september  ,  imler became an assistant	games team games march national team game national team coach coach team coach north head coach coach team head coach july september	expand
206403	en van dooremalen born july  ,  deventer was a dutch professional badminton player and also played for the amersfoort club .  she currently resides in arnhem and was a doubles specialist .  she was part of the netherlands women's team that won the silver medal at the world women's team championships ,  uber cup in japan .  personal life she is the daughter of the former netherlands national badminton coach and director martijn van dooremalen . ref name " badmintonline . nl "  achievements bwf grand prix the bwf grand prix has two level such as grand prix and grand prix gold .  it is a series of badminton tournaments ,  sanctioned by badminton world federation bwf since  .  women's doubles mixed doubles bwf grand prix gold tournament bwf grand prix tournament bwf international challengeserieseuropean circuit women's doubles mixed doubles bwf international challenge tournament bwf int	july club part team world team life national grand grand level grand grand world grand grand international international	expand
202716	officially signed in by davao aguilas of the pfl in august  .  the younghusbands played for the club for two seasons until its dissolution by the end of the season .  ceres negros after months of being without a club ,  james younghusband was signed in by ceres negros of the pfl in august  .  he and his younger brother phil were eventually called up to the southeast asian nation's football squad ,  amidst much fanfare .  younghusband participated in the southeast asian games ,  which was held in the philippines .  he also ensured the advancement of the philippine team to the group stage of the afc challenge cup qualification by scoring in the fourth minute of the away match against mongolia in the qualifying play - off .  james younghusband missed the final cut of the azkals' lineup ahead of the team's match against bahrain ,  leaving phil to carry the squad on june at the philippine sports stadium in bulacan .  coach thomas dooley said his decision was nothing	august club end months club james august called team group play james june	expand
203204	also pursuing a solo career .  his debut solo album ,  memory muscle ,  was released in may  .  a folk - tinged record ,  it includes five re - recorded tracks which had previously been released under the name  " fi - lo beddow "  as an ep in february  .  the strings on the record were arranged by film composer david arnold ,  who became a fan of expecting to fly whilst scoring independence day .  in  ,  morriss released his second solo album ,  a flash of darkness ,  through acid jazz records .  this was followed by another acid jazz release in  ,  the taste of mark morriss ,  an album of cover versions .  morriss has also recorded the theme music for all of the children's audiobooks written by david walliams .  morriss is also currently a full member of matt berry's live band ,  the maypoles ,  and regularly tours the uk with this outfit as a rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist .  solo discography eps singles albums  -  a flash of darkness o	album record includes record film david day album album music david full member live	expand
186726	st west germany at centre forward .  jones scored goals in appearances for the blades and had earned two caps for england when he joined leeds united in september for  ,  ,  prompting the sheffield united manager ,  john harris ,  to remark  " it would be the biggest mistake the club had ever made "  .  leeds united leeds manager don revie handed jones the number nine shirt and told him to score goals and annoy defenders .  jones went on to do exactly that with aplomb and authority for seven years .  leeds won the league cup in his first season although jones did not feature in the campaign because he was cup - tied .  leeds also won the fairs cup ,  with jones scoring twice during the competition ,  including what turned out to be the winner in the final against ferencvaros .  the first leg finished thanks to jones' goal and the second leg remained goalless to give leeds the cup .  the following season leeds won the league championship with jones settling into the high	centre leeds united united manager made leeds united leeds manager number years leeds leeds including give leeds leeds high	expand
196399	nto the newest incarnation of the misfits dr .  chud recorded studio albums ,  a live album ,  and a few singles with the misfits and is also credited as a songwriter and producer for the band .  in addition to his work with the misfits ,  dr .  chud also played drums for joey ramone on the we will fall a tribute to iggy pop album ,  and joey ramone's only solo record don't worry about me and also produced a recent sardonica release flip the grill .  after leaving the misfits in  ,  dr .  chud formed graves .  in dr .  chud formed a new band named dr .  chud's x - ward which released their debut multimedia album diagnosis for death in on the drummer's own record label bloodwork records .  in  ,  dr .  chud joined up with doyle wolfgang von frankenstein once again with his band gorgeous frankenstein on their second tour .  the band was signed to glenn danzig's record label evilive .  in the band changed its name and recorded their first album together as  " doyle "  abominator album ,  w	dr live album band addition work dr album record produced recent dr dr band dr album death record dr band band record band album album	expand
187042	in the main role of marti perkins on the cheerleading drama series hellcats .  despite a successful premiere ,  ratings dropped ,  and in may  ,  the cw announced the show was not renewed for a second season .  in  ,  michalka made a guest appearance on  .  the film was released in july  .  in  ,  michalka participated in a multi - episode role on the sitcom two and a half men .  in july  ,  she and her sister ,  filmed in the independent drama ,  weepah way for now ,  in laurel canyon ,  california .  michalka participated in the casting process and production for the film .  the movie was written and directed by her husband ,  stephen ringer .  the film later premiered at the los angeles film festival on june  ,   .  since march  ,  michalka had a recurring role on the cw series izombie for the first and second season and became a regular cast member for season three .  on april  ,   ,  she was announced as a cast member for the upcoming comedy film the lears ,  an adaptation based on the shakes	main role series season made film july role july film film film june role series season member season member film based	expand
203974	nd played in games and scored a total of  ,  points .  his best year as a professional came during the  -  season as a member of the warriors ,  appearing in games and averaging  .  ppg .  in his rookie campaign ,  garland was the first warrior to record a triple double in five years .  he played one year professionally in italy ,  for benetton treviso  ,  won the italian cup .  in high school ,  as a junior ,  he played for roosevelt high school ,  the same school that produced nba veterans ,  dick barnett and glenn robinson ,  in the indiana state championship .  roosevelt lost the championship game in the last seconds to plymouth high school ,  which was led by scott skiles ,  nba veteran .  in  ,  he was inducted into the indiana high school basketball hall of fame  -  silver anniversary team .  following his playing career ,  garland was the head boys' basketball coach at gary west side high school in gary ,  indiana from to  .  garland is the father of cleveland cavaliers pl	played games year member games years played year high school played high school school state high school high school team west high school	expand
201568	efendant's arraignment .  the main purpose of the hearing is to determine the evidence ,  including testimony and evidence seized at the time of arrest .  the counsel for the plaintiff or the people and the defendant attend the hearing to discuss pretrial matters pertaining to the case .  the purpose of the hearing is to see if the rights of the defendant have been violated ,  and it is the duty of the judge to make sure that the oath of office is preserved under article paragraph  ,  supremacy clause of the constitution of the united states .  to exchange discovery or any motions to dismissal or special appearance for violations at a state level and a federal level .  under the th amendment ,  the common law says that the defendant must have a victim or property damage in order for an actual crime committed ,  or a violation of the constitution or bill of rights of another .  under the common law this would be to request for the victim or property damage to come forward for a statute	including time people rights make level level common law property order rights common law property	expand
205005	issa manchester ,  john martyn ,  junior marvin ,  bette midler ,  patrick moraz ,  billy preston ,  franz pusch ,  x - ray spex ,  chester thompson ,  alphonso johnson ,  jan hammer ,  anthony phillips ,  the reactors ,  nona hendrix ,  sylvia st .  james ,  jack lancaster ,  terry reid ,  katey sagal ,  sandoz ,  hunt sales ,  tony sales ,  jamie sherriff ,  micheal shrieve ,  jimmie spheris ,  blue thunder ,  top topham ,  tunnels ,  chuck turner's turneround ,  lee ving ,  bill ward band ,  the weather girls ,  wildingbonus etc .  goodsall also played on several film scores including no small affair ,  the doorman ,  can't buy me love ,  north shore ,  anal intruder  ,  wave warriors  ,  wave warriors  ,  point break etc .  discography brand x studio live compilation atomic rooster bill bruford fire merchants fire merchants john goodsalldoug lunnchester thompson landlords of atlantis john goodsalldoug lunntoss panos	john st sales sales top including small north point live fire fire john john	expand
190344	whilst his final junior tournament was winning eddie herr later that year .  malisse turned professional in  .  his best performance in grand slam singles competition was at the wimbledon championships ,  where he reached the semi - final ,  beating galo blanco ,  vince spadea ,  yevgeny kafelnikov and britain's greg rusedski in five sets en route ,  as well as former champion richard krajicek .  he eventually lost to runner - up david nalbandian ,  again in five sets .  malisse and olivier rochus won the french open doubles championship in  .  he has won three atp tour singles titles delray beach in and  ,  and chennai in  .  after a difficult year ,  malisse found himself with a world ranking of  .  in his first tournament of the year in brisbane ,  he lost in the last qualifying round to american bobby reynolds .  a week later ,  in medibank international sydney ,  he reached the main draw ,  but lost to mario ani in the first round . 	final year performance final lost open year found world year lost week international main lost	expand
206446	ki in round two .  urszula finished the season with a record .  fed cup success urszula began the season in brisbane where she scored a three - set win over tamira paszek in the first round .  she then lost a tight match against ksenia pervak ,  losing six points to eight in a final set tie - break .  she lost in the first round at the apia international to caroline wozniacki .  urszula was seeded for the first time of her career at a grand slam event at the australian open but fell in the first round to jamie hampton .  she suffered another first - round lost to mona barthel at the open gdf suez .  she won her first tour match of at the qatar total open defeating nadiia kichenok in the first round .  she then defeated roberta vinci in the next round but was taken out by serena williams in the third round .  urszula won three qualifying rounds at the dubai tennis championships to make the main draw .  however ,  she lost in round one to zheng jie .  as an unseeded player at the f	round season season set round lost set lost round international time event open round round lost open open round round round make main lost round	expand
188386	he had a successful year ,  recording one victory alongside three runners up finishes and three - third places .  he finished tied third at the pga championship ,  which was his best showing at a major championship .  he then went on later in the year to finish tied second at the wgc - american express championship ,  finishing eight strokes behind tiger woods .  at the end of the year ,  scott won the season - ending tour championship by three strokes for his fourth career pga tour win and finished third on the pga tour money list for  .  the season started for scott with a second - place finish at the season opening mercedes benz championship in hawaii behind vijay singh .  after this ,  scott reached his career high ranking of world number three .  he then won for the fifth time on the pga tour ,  the week before the masters ,  at the shell houston open .  after hitting his tee shot into the water on the nd hole ,  he made a  - foot par putt to seal a three stroke victory over stuart appleby and bubba wat	year year end year season season place season high world number time water made	expand
192236	alter ,  were born on june  .  in  ,  they performed together in a production of chekhov's the bear for sky arts  .  barratt is known to be shy ,  quiet ,  and self - deprecating .  unlike his comedy partner noel fielding ,  he prefers not to appear on comedy quiz shows or make similar public appearances ,  stating that he would rather  " stay at home and read a book "  .  filmography film television stage awards the mighty boosh won best live show with future sailors at the shockwaves nme awards  .  the mighty boosh won best tv show at the shockwaves nme awards the mighty boosh won best tv show at the shockwaves nme awards  .  the mighty boosh won best tv show at the shockwaves nme awards  .  the boosh ,  first on london live ,  then on radio  .  arctic boosh won the barry award at the melbourne international comedy festival perrier nominee with noel fielding	make public home book awards won live show awards won show awards won show awards won show awards london live won international	expand
197309	rowdy night rpm ,  showtime fiddle berard family band berard family band old man records  -  producer ,  guitar ,  mandolin ,  vocals drew landry and the dirty cajuns tailgaten relief hurricane companion ep drew landry producer ,  fiddle ,  guitar ,  bass hadley j .  castille and the louisiana cajun band cajun swamp fiddler swallow sw  -  guitar ,  mandolin ,  vocals fil left feet flying fish ff electric guitar ,  acoustic guitar ,  vocals solo and duo projects al berard jason frey ,  old style cajun music acadiana acd fiddle ,  guitar ,  vocals al berard karen england ,  feet off the ground swallow sw co - producer ,  fiddle ,  vocals al berard and friends play cajun music from the heart swing cat ,  producer ,  performer al berard errol verret ,  cest dans le sang cadjin swallow sw  -  co - producer ,  fiddle ,  guitar ,  vocals ,  mandolin c	family band family band man guitar guitar band guitar left guitar guitar projects al music guitar al england al play music al guitar	expand
188181	or his freestyle rap skills ,  ambitious lyrics and unique beats .  he graduated from the academy of music in d ,  violin class .  he is one of the few polish rappers who have received professional musical education .  he has collaborated with american rappers such as evidence ,  el da sensei ,  craig g ,  keith murray ,  jeru the damaja ,  lil' dap ,  sadat x and canadian producer marco polo .  he has also collaborated with many polish artists ,  including jazz musicians micha urbaniak ,  hades ,  sofa ,  fokus ,  dj deszczu strugi ,  donguralesko ,  vienio i pelson ,  fu ,  pezet ,  sistars and slums attack .  he is a member of bands such as tabasko ,  skill mega ,  killing skills ,  beat brothers and musical project poe .  he is also a former member of obz ta and lwc .  in  ,  he shared the position of art director of mskie granie festival with alternative rock vocalist kasia nosowska .  discography studio albums collaborative albums live albums music videos	skills music class education including member skills project member art director live music	expand
196855	tournament of hearts .  the team would finish second place with a  -  record ,  losing the  -  game to british columbia's marla mallett ,  and the semi - final once again to team canada's jennifer jones .  larouche would get the opportunity to participate in the road to the roar canadian olympic curling pre - trials ,  which was a qualifying event for the olympic trials .  larouche would end up losing the final qualifier to amber holland .  larouche would qualify for the scotties after winning the quebec scotties tournament of hearts ,  defeating chantal osborne in the final .  at the scotties tournament of hearts ,  and for the first time as a skip ,  did not qualify for the playoffs ,  finishing round robin with a  -  record .  current in  ,  larouche would win the quebec scotties tournament of hearts ,  and earned the right to represent quebec at the scotties tournament of hearts .  her team would start off slow ,  but after five straight wins ,  they would finish rou	team place record british final team road end final final time record current team start	expand
182577	song  - inch ep  " la bomba ,  "  a live - in - the - studio album produced by carter motels ,  tina turner ,  paula cole .  recorded in the famous capitol studio b ,  it featured k . 's touring band george geo conner guitar ,  alfredo acosta alwag drums ,  and enrique eric gotthelf bass .  the song  " mars needs women "  also appears on this ep .  tonio next released romeo unchained on what ? am records .  hailed by rolling stone magazine as the best bob dylan album since dylan himself lost interest in the pop song form ,  the album landed on numerous critics top albums of the year lists .  recorded during and  ,  it was produced ,  variously ,  by rick neigher ,  bob rose julian lennon and t bone burnett counting crows ,  wallflowers ,  robert plant alison krauss .  the musicians on these recordings included neigher on many instruments ,  rose ,  burnett ,  peter banks yes ,  david mansfield ,  david miner ,  david raven ,  tim pierce ,  tim chandler ,  and rob watson .  notes from the lost civilization	live album produced women album lost interest form album top year produced david david david lost	expand
204576	club and one northern irish league club during his career ,  rarely lasting more than a season in each club .  arguably ,  the highlight of his career was the winning goal he scored in the league cup final for nottingham forest against oldham athletic ,  the only goal of the game .  in july  ,  jemson joined oxford united for a fee of  ,  .  during his time there ,  he had loan spells with watford ,  coventry city ,  and rotherham united .  in april he scored both rotherham's goals in a win over shrewsbury town ,  for whom he later played games ,  in the football league trophy final at wembley stadium .  jemson also gained national fame in january  ,  after scoring the shrewsbury goals that knocked everton out of the fa cup third round .  he put the shrews into a first - half lead with a free kick and ,  after niclas alexandersson had equalised for everton ,  glanced a last - minute header past richard wright ,  to give shrewsbury a famous giant - killing victory .  having earlier scored	club club club final july united time city united final national put free give	expand
190248	is nickname cyco miko and has sung for no mercy ,  replacing original singer kevin guercio ,  who sang for the band on the welcome to venice compilation .  cyco miko released three albums on the record label suicidal records .  the album schizophrenic born again problem child was released in  ,  following up 's lost my brain !  once again .  in october a third cyco miko album was released worldwide ,  featuring previously unreleased and newly written music from cyco miko ,  suicidal tendencies and infectious grooves .  the album entitled  " the mad mad muir musical tour  -  part  "  featured current suicidal tendencies band members as well as performances by fletcher dragge ,  robert trujillo ,  brooks wackerman ,  bassist thundercat stephen bruner and saxophonist kamasi washington .  no mercy released only one album with muir ,  widespread bloodshedlove runs red on suicidal records .  in  ,  not long after robert trujillo joined suicidal tendencies ,  muir and trujillo formed infectious grooves ,  a	band released records album released october album released music album part current band members released album records long	expand
198636	oung ,  developing rovers team .  one early highlight was a hat trick in a home win over bradford city .  in the pre - season watney cup tournament brian was a member of the team that beat sheffield united in the final on penalties ,  after the game finished scoreless in front of  ,  spectators .  brian godfrey also played his part in rovers famous victory at old trafford over manchester united in a third round league cup replay ,  the united team including the likes of bobby charlton ,  george best and brian kidd .  he helped bristol rovers to sixth and fifth places in the third division in consecutive seasons .  they reached the fifth round of the league cup in after beating three second division teams in sunderland ,  charlton athletic and queens park rangers before losing to first division opponents and eventual winners stoke city .  in total ,  godfrey scored goals in league games for rovers ,  prior to joining newport county for  ,  in june and becoming	team early home city member team united part united united team including park city june	expand
205204	ed five points in seven regular games ,  and two goals in four playoff games .  fransson returned to lule for the season ,  amidst some criticism over his past performance ,  but shortly afterward ,  he used a contract clause to sign with the hc dinamo minsk of the kontinental hockey league khl in russia ,  and a few weeks later fransson signed his third contract of the off - season with the los angeles kings of the national hockey league nhl .  on october  ,   ,  fransson was loaned by the kings to ska st .  petersburg in russia .  where he played the rest of the season .  on august  ,   ,  he rejoined lule hf ,  where he stayed until the remainder of the  -  season .  he then headed to switzerland ,  signing with the rapperswil - jona lakers of the top - flight national league a nla for  -  ,  before moving on to fellow nla team genve - servette hc for  .  his tenure with geneva ended at the conclusion of the playoffs .  fransson played regular season games	games games season past performance season national october played season august season top national team played season games	expand
198736	he was selected to tour india with the pakistan team in  -  and played in the first test ,  taking the first three indian wickets and finishing with for off overs .  however ,  pakistan replaced him with a batsman for the second test ,  and he did not return to the team until the fifth test ,  when he took two wickets .  he toured england in  ,  the fastest of the team's bowlers .  he was successful in the early county matches and took for when he was included in the team for the second test at lord's ,  including the wickets of ted dexter and ken barrington ,  both caught behind off successive balls .  however ,  he was being asked to do too much bowling and succumbed to injury after the third test ,  in which he again dismissed barrington cheaply .  he took no further part in the tour .  he played no first - class cricket for more than two years ,  but returned in the  -  season .  after showing good form in domestic cricket he returned to the test team against the touring new zealand	team test test return team test england early team test including test part years good form test team	expand
201819	the queensland reds for the inaugural season of the super in  ,  aged  .  he made his international test debut at the age of  ,  coming of the bench against south africa on august during the tri nations series .  he made his first start on his second cap almost a year later .  he took over the position of number from fellow tongan willie ofahengaue in in australia's record win over england .  after helping australia qualify for the rugby world cup in september  ,  he played a vital role in winning the webb ellis cup for australia's second time .  he played in of their matches ,  scoring against romania in the opening game ,  and playing the full minutes in the final .  he helped australia to their first ever tri - nations title in  ,  which saw the wallabies win their third consecutive bledisloe cup title ,  the first ever time they had done this .  in  ,  he helped australia to their first series win over the british and irish lions in over years ,  pla	made international series made year number world time full time series british years	expand
187117	es uzbek folk and contemporary music .  nazarkhan has achieved worldwide fame and has collaborated with high - profile international artists .  in  ,  nazarkhan received the bbc radio world music award in the category  " best asian artist "  .  work nazarkhan started her solo career in  .  in  ,  she released her critically acclaimed album yol bolsin on the uk label real world records .  the album was produced by french producer hector zazou .  following the release ,  she extensively toured europe and asia with her band .  she also was the support act in peter gabriel's growing up tour  .  the same year ,  she received the bbc radio world music award in the category  " best asian artist "  .  in  ,  sevara recorded gozal dema a collection of folk songs .  it was a limited edition cd .  in  ,  real world records releases her album sen .  most of the music of that album was composed by sevara .  she brought two producers to work on this album bruno ellingham and victor so	music high international world music award work album real world album support year world music award real world album music album work album	expand
199543	and her first at grand slam level ,  the australian open ,  with straight - sets wins over yulia beygelzimer of ukraine ,  elena baltacha of great britain and bethanie mattek of the united states .  in the main draw ,  she defeated melinda czink  ,   ,  then faced the world no .  kim clijsters ,  and took six games from her ;  but the result in the belgian's favour was virtually a foregone conclusion .  still ,  these performances had lifted her dramatically to th in the world in just one month .  after a couple of disappointing qualifying losses in early february ,  to vania king at tokyo and akgul amanmuradova at pattaya ,  yuan next broke through in memphis ,  defeating christina wheeler once more to gain the main draw ,  where she battled past talented uzbekistan player varvara lepchenko in three sets before succumbing to the solid american jill craybas in round two .  this performance was enough to restore her to a level - best world no .  as february came to a close .  then at indian wells in march , 	level open great main world world early february main past performance level world february march	expand
187842	pics ,  defeating spain to win a gold medal in the women's tennis doubles along with her partner sun tiantian .  as a singles player ,  li enjoyed limited success in itf events until june  ,  when she qualified for a wta tournament at tashkent ,  then defeated alina jidkova of russia in the first round of the main draw ,  before bowing out in round two .  as a wildcard entrant to the wta event at shanghai that september ,  she lost in three sets to tara snyder in the first round .  without further success for the rest of the year ,  she ended world - ranked  ,  beating her previous personal best of at the end of  .  a year of indifferent results at lowly itf level followed in  ,  but in september she came through qualifying with three straight wins to reach shanghai again ,  beating countrywoman liu nannan in the final round ,  only to lose to frenchwoman nathalie dechy in the main draw .  but this achievement was not enough to prevent her world ranking from dropping to by the year's end . 	success events june round main round september round success year world end year level september round main world end	expand
203563	g a to trouncing of waterford .  cork later qualified for the all - ireland final against kilkenny with mccarthy lining out at centre - forward .  the game turned into a rout as cork easily won by to  ,  giving mccarthy an all - ireland minor hurling championship medal .  the following year mccarthy moved onto the cork under -  team .  he won his first munster medal as a non - playing substitute following a to defeat of clare .  mccarthy was a regular member of the under -  team in as cork faced tipperary in the provincial decider .  with time running out tipp were leading my two points ,  however ,  mccarthy scored a vital goal after a remarkable solo effort to secure a to victory .  the subsequent all - ireland decider saw galway providing the opposition .  cork made amends for their defeat by galway in the previous year's semi - final with a to victory .  not only was in mccarthy's first all - ireland medal in the grade but it was cork's th all - ireland champ	ireland final centre game won ireland year team won member team time ireland made final ireland ireland	expand
200618	ing role .  was also the release year for the night before where shannon played mr .  green alongside seth rogen ,  anthony mackie ,  and joseph gordon - levitt .  the following year ,  he starred in the psychological thriller film nocturnal animals ,  alongside amy adams and jake gyllenhaal .  his performance as a detective investigating the violent incident garnered him critical acclaim ,  and was nominated for his second academy award for best supporting actor .  he played col .  richard strickland in guillermo del toro's romantic fantasy film the shape of water .  the film had its world premiere at the th venice international film festival ,  where it won the golden lion .  in  ,  he played the lead role as gary noesner in waco on paramount network .  music career in  ,  shannon formed the indie rock band corporal ,  along with ray rizzo and rob beitzel .  shannon sings and writes lyrics for the band .  in  ,  corporal released their self - titled debut album .  following the album's r	role year played year film played film water film world international film played role network music band band	expand
190345	drums .  minimal overdubs of guitar ,  bass and other instruments were added later .  the album was released in the u . s .  in october  ,  and by virgin records in the united kingdom in february  .  the album and its singles  " oxygen "  and  " so long "  ,  charted in the uk singles chart and albums chart in  .  after many live appearances throughout and  ,  culminating with a performance at the glastonbury festival ,  mason took time off and returned to his family's home on martha's vineyard .  he began writing new songs and put a band together ,  featuring nina violet on viola and backing vocals ,  and zak borden on mandolin .  in early  ,  they began touring the u . s .  and europe ,  along with other musicians .  he supported beth orton ,  death cab for cutie ,  radiohead ,  kt tunstall and sondre lerche .  mason released his second album ,  if the ocean gets rough ,  in march  .  the same year ,  he also provided vocals for the track  " battle scars "  on the album we are the night by the chemical	album october album long live time home put early album march year album	expand
186931	n a reprise !  los angeles concert production of assassins .  in  ,  she was stand - by for the two comic villain roles in the musical xanadu on broadway .  she played lucy schmeeler ,  the whiny friend with the chronic cold ,  in the off - broadway public theater production at the delacorte theater of on the town in august  .  she also appeared in the lab production of the musical hit the lights !  in at the vineyard theatre .  golden has appeared in three separate versions of hair a broadway revival in  ,  the motion picture in and a special benefit performance concert in  .  golden starred with peter scolari in the world premiere of the nutcracker and i from november  ,  to december  ,  at the george street playhouse ,  new brunswick ,  new jersey .  comically playing the sugar rush fairy and three other roles in this musical comedy featuring the music of tchaikovsky and lyrics by gerard alessandrini ,  she and scolari were compared in one review to the team of imog	production public production august production special performance world street music review team	expand
201063	 .  asiam returned to uzbekistan to take part in the samarkand challenger in samarkand ,  where he made it to the quarter - finals in the singles ,  and with partner kirill ivanov - smolensky ,  the doubles semi - final .  he stayed in uzbekistan to play at the bukhara challenger ,  in bukhara and with his dutch partner rogier wassen ,  they won the final  ,   .  he won a single futures title in thailand ,  beating yeu - tzuoo wang  ,   ,   .  this followed a second in vietnam against yen - hsun lu .  he rounded off the year with a doubles challenger title with jaroslav levinsk at the th king's cup in bangkok ,  thailand .  aisam ended the year ranked st in singles and th in doubles .  in february at the davis cup ,  he won both matches ,  as pakistan beat malaysia  .  in the next davis cup tie against chinese taipei ,  he won all three rubbers as pakistan qualified for the asiaoceania group ii final .  aisam won a doubles futures title in kuwait with tuomas ketola .  at the fergana	part made final play won final won title year title cup year st cup won cup won group final won title	expand
206688	men's tournament .  lucas won the bronze medal at the men's hockey world cup and three medals at the pan american games .  he was part of the argentinian squad which won the gold medal at the summer olympics .  in he was selected for the world cup which means he has played in four consecutive world cups .  he scored goal in four matches in that tournament .  in july  ,  he was selected in the argentina squad for the pan american games .  they won the gold medal by defeating canada  -  in the final .  club career vila started his career in argentina at banco provincia ,  in he moved to europe to play for tmhc tilburg in the netherlands ,  which he left in to play for hgc .  he missed a big part of his first season at hgc because of a knee injury .  after two seasons with hgc he went to belgium to play for royal ore before coming back to the netherlands after one year to play for hc den bosch .  after one season with den bosch he went to spain to play fo	won world games part won world world july games won club play left play part play back year play play	expand
193279	sleepaway camp .  he reprised the role in the sequel return to sleepaway camp .  in between acting jonathan took to music ,  fronting a number of bands ,  mostly based out of the fort collins ,  colorado area .  tiersten is currently the lead singer of his own band ,  ten tiers and composed the score to a short starring david krumholtz from the tv series numbrs .  tiersten also starred in the film the perfect house in which he played a serial killer named john doesy and the upcoming as of may thriller film redemption which co - stars george loros buffalo ray curto from the sopranos and meredith ostrom love actually .  tiersten also composed the theme song for httpgratwickfilmstest . net . net the perfect house and contributed to the soundtrack of redemption .  tiersten's ep we'll see ,  released by edward records ,  is his most critically acclaimed album to date ,  finishing third in magnet magazine's most anticipated albums list .  shakefire . com called the album  " surprising " 	music number based area film house john film house date list called	expand
192876	his debut ,  and ran six additional races that season ,  his best finish a thirteenth at california speedway .  in  ,  whitt and his team ran the truck series full - time with sponsorship from mcmillin homes and running ford f - s .  despite not finishing any race higher than th in his rookie season ,  whitt finished th in the final standings .  during the season ,  his team was purchased by jeff hammond and tom deloach ,  renamed red horse racing and switched to toyota .  he won his first race at memphis motorsports park from the pole after taking the lead from a spinning ron hornaday on the last lap .  he was dismissed from the team at the end of the season ,  leaving him out of a ride .  however ,  whitt soon signed with arca racing series team clr racing .  in  ,  he attempted his first nextel cup race at phoenix international raceway with cjm racing and qualified th ,  but finished rd .  he was scheduled to run with cjm for races in  ,  but those plans changed when whitt was rele	season team series full time race season season team race park team end season series team race international run	expand
187672	r olympics ,  he and kostiuczyk advanced to the knocked - out stage after being at the top of the standings of group b .  they were defeated by chan peng soon and goh liu ying of malaysia in the quarter final .  achievements european championships men's doubles mixed doubles bwf superseries the bwf superseries ,  launched on december and implemented in  ,  is a series of elite badminton tournaments ,  sanctioned by badminton world federation bwf .  bwf superseries has two level such as superseries and superseries premier .  a season of superseries features twelve tournaments around the world ,  which introduced since  ,  with successful players invited to the superseries finals held at the year end .  mixed doubles bwf superseries finals tournament bwf superseries premier tournament bwf superseries tournament bwf grand prix the bwf grand prix has two level such as grand prix and grand prix gold . 	top group european series world level world held year end grand grand level grand grand	expand
196541	ter panathinaikos head coach henk ten cate was let go on december  ,   ,  warzycha was appointed as assistant coach alongside nikos nioplias .  on march  ,  krzysztof was appointed as the head coach of delta ethniki side egaleo ,  with this being his first venture into management .  in  ,  krzysztof warzycha was the head coach of fokikos f . c .  in april he replaced waldemar fornalik on ruch chorzw manager position .  international career he played times for poland ,  scoring goals .  he played the last game for the polish national team in april against italy in napoli loss .  international goals statistics club  !  colspan panathinaikos  !  season  !  !  apps  !  !  goals  !  colspan total in greece  !  later life he ran in the greek local elections ,  with a new democracy backed combination for the municipality of  ,  but without success .  awards warzycha	head head management head april international times national team april international club life local	expand
201378	oles in the late s including trial retribution and jim davidson's boobs in the wood .  he played paul ,  the boyfriend of roxanne cynthia purley's daughter in the critically acclaimed mike leigh film secrets lies ,  appearing in just white briefs in his opening scene .  he provided the voice for hawkbit in all three television series of watership down .  most recently in he performed on stage at the royal court in london .  he played barry in david eldrige's in basildon .  he has appeared on the catherine tate show in many sketches ,  working alongside catherine tate and niky wardley .  he has also had many guest roles in a variety of television shows ,  including waking the dead ,  hustle ,  jericho ,   .  he played owen turner in and in the soap opera eastenders .  he had a part in the dutch radioplay 'de moker' as gangster buffoni .  in  ,  ross starred as retired drag queen hugo battersby loco chanelle in the hit west end musical everybodys talkin	including played provided series london played show working including played part west end	expand
205091	club just on the final day and only on goal difference ,  the striker had to deal with a second major blow as mnchengladbach also lost the dfb - pokal final that summer ,  on penalties against bayern munich with his bayern munich - bound team - mate lothar matthus failing to score from the spot in the shoot - out .  mill scored the only mnchengladbach goal in normal time in that match .  later that summer he participated in the summer olympics and was still borussia mnchengladbach's best striker when fellow bundesliga side borussia dortmund persuaded him to switch over to them at the end of the bundesliga season .  as mnchengladbach was receiving adequate compensation  .  million dm for his services ,  a transfer was worked out .  still ,  the move remained somewhat in the balance for a couple of weeks as troubled dortmund had to go through three relegation play - offs that summer to ensure their bundesliga future .  particularly mill inspired dortmund to a less troubled seaso	club final day final summer team time summer summer end services play summer future	expand
182660	weaver wrote ,  directed and played a small role in sip's next feature ,  weather girl ,  with an ensemble cast that boasted tricia o'kelley ,  mark harmon ,  jon cryer and jane lynch .  weather girl enjoyed an extensive festival run followed by a ten - city theatrical and a worldwide television and dvd release .  weaver wrote ,  directed and stars in his next feature film httpwww . monthrulemovie . com month rule with a cast featuring martin starr ,  jaime pressly ,  john michael higgins and dave foley .  in  ,  weaver wrote and directed cut to the chase ,  a feature film he also starred in about an ex - con that sets out in search of his kidnapped sister through the criminal underbelly of shreveport ,  louisiana .  he also starred in the feature film where we're meant to be by michael howard that deals with the interconnected stories of various characters during the pivotal changes and moments in their lives .  his performance earned him a best actor nomination at the eastern nc film festival .  filmo	small role feature run city feature film john michael feature film search feature film michael performance film	expand
195861	joseph whipp born july  ,  is an american actor who has starred in many films and starred on television .  he is known for playing police officers in films and on television ,  too .  he also taught drama at carlmont high school in the s .  his first role was in the movie escape from alcatraz as a prison guard .  he later on appeared in the horror movie a nightmare on elm street as a cop and the science fiction movie the hidden .  he also starred in the hit horror movie scream as a sheriff as well as the horror video classic death spa as the ill - fated paranormal investigator dr .  lido moray .  his most recent film is in the movie downstream .  whipp has starred in the soap operas generations as charles mullen from  ,  and on general hospital as marty in  .  he has made many guest appearances on television series ,  including lou grant ,  the dukes of hazzard ,  golden girls ,  night court ,  cheers ,  er  ,  monk and the middle .  filmography	july high school movie movie street movie movie recent movie general made series including	expand
184667	at .  he finished second in the finals to jamaica's lerone clarke .  his silver medal was the first - ever medal for st .  kitts and nevis at the pan - am games .  collins was expelled by his team from the summer olympics in london on august for missing training sessions .  he said he was being punished for spending time with his wife .  collins was the oldest sprinter at summer olympics ,  his fifth consecutive appearance at the olympics .  while most sprinters peak in their s ,  collins set his personal record after reaching the age of  ,  and became the first individual to run a sub -  second  m dash in the process .  he ran a  .   m dash ,  which was fast enough to qualify for rio .  he competed in both the  m sprint and  m relay .  collins was the only st .  kitts and nevis athlete to make it out of the first round .  he finished his heat with a time of  .  and fourth place .  he improved his time in the semifinals ,  finishing with a time of  .  .  thi	st team summer london training time summer set process st make time place time time	expand
194696	roberts ,  southern miss and dallas baptist in consecutive games in the fayetteville regional to advance to the super regional ,  also in fayetteville ,  with sec foe south carolina .  the  - game series went the distance before the razorbacks defeated the gamecocks to clinched its fifth trip to omaha of van horn's tenure ,  and ninth in program history ,  with a  -  victory on june  .  college world series arkansas won its opening game in omaha against former southwest conference rival texas ,   -  .  the game was delayed by weather in the sixth inning for nearly three hours .  arkansas then defeated another former swc foe in texas tech ,  upending the red raiders  -  .  this game was delayed by inclement weather twice .  originally scheduled for p . m .  on june  ,  the game was rescheduled for a . m .  on june  .  thunderstorms delayed the game further ,  and was finally played at p . m .  that afternoon .  arkansas defeated florida in an elimination game for the razorbacks to e	regional regional south game series history june college world series game conference game hours game june game june game game	expand
201064	january in dublin is a former professional snooker player from the republic of ireland .  his best performance in a ranking event came in the grand prix ,  where he reached the semi - finals ,  and he reached his highest ranking ,  th ,  for the season .  career judge qualified for the world championship three times ,  his best performance coming in the tournament ,  after knocking jimmy white out in qualifying and john parrott in the first round ,  before being knocked out by fellow dubliner ken doherty .  he lost to eventual champion peter ebdon in the first round a year later .  he has lost in the final qualifying round on seven occasions ,  a record .  in he had something of a return to form ,  climbing places in the rankings to th ,  after five successive falls from his career high of th ,  aided by a last run in the welsh open .  he then reached the last of the grand prix early in the season ,  and repeated this at the welsh open in ne	performance world times performance john round round year round form high open early open	expand
199447	reer wetherall was born in sheffield .  and chose to study for his bsc in chemistry at the university of sheffield ,  so that he could live at home with his parents and combine his education with playing for sheffield wednesday's reserve team .  he graduated with a first - class honours degree in  ,  becoming the first premier league player to achieve such a qualification .  in  ,  he was part of a british squad which travelled to italy for the world student five - a - side football championship ,  and represented great britain as they won the association football bronze medal at the world student games hosted in sheffield .  leeds united wilkinson ,  by then leeds united manager ,  returned to his former club in july to sign two young centre - backs ,  jon newsome first and wetherall a few days later ,  for a combined fee of  ,  .  the  - year - old wetherall's first season at leeds was the final year of his degree course ,  so he played for the reserves while training part	university home team part british world great world young centre year year part	expand
198415	ger jackie mcnamara .  this resulted a one - match ban for wright .  a few days later ,  wright was taken to hospital after suffering stomach pains .  despite being in the hospital ,  wright was still involved in the squad selection ahead of a match against hibernian .  the operation was a success ,  and wright made his return in a match against partick thistle .  after wright led the club to a top - six position in the premiership ,  he guided them to their first scottish cup final after a win over aberdeen .  they were victorious in the may final meeting with dundee united at celtic park .  it was st johnstone's first major trophy win .  wright signed a new contract with st johnstone in august  .  he signed another contract with st johnstone in october  ,  soon after the club had rejected an approach from dundee united for wright .  he was voted premiership manager of the season for the season ,  leading st johnstone to another fourth - place finish and a third domestic cup semi - final ,  lo	match days match made match club top final final united st st st club united season season st place final	expand
182204	ability for future planned very large - scale detectors on the megaton scale .  such detectors include the hyper - kamiokande .  early grand unification theories guts such as the georgiglashow model ,  which were the first consistent theories to suggest proton decay ,  postulated that the proton's half - life would be at least years .  as further experiments and calculations were performed in the s ,  it became clear that the proton half - life could not lie below years .  many books from that period refer to this figure for the possible decay time for baryonic matter .  more recent findings have pushed the minimum proton half - life to at least  -  years ,  ruling out the simpler guts including minimal su georgiglashow and most non - susy models .  the maximum upper limit on proton lifetime if unstable ,  is calculated at thinsp ; thinsp ;  years ,  a bound applicable to susy models ,  with a maximum for minimal non - susy guts at  . thinsp ; thinsp ;  years .  al	future large include early half life years half life years books time half life years including years years	expand
194452	in all for the toffees ,  scoring goals .  after making one appearance for everton early in the season ,  he was sold to watford for  ,  ,  helping the hornets finish ninth in the first division and reach the semi - finals of the fa cup .  after one season at vicarage road ,  richardson was sold to arsenal for  ,  .  richardson succeeded graham rix on the arsenal left wing ,  and played in the league cup final as arsenal lost to luton town ,  and he was transferred to real sociedad for  ,  in the summer of  ,  where he was paired up with new signing dalian atkinson and former liverpool striker john aldridge .  he had made a total of appearances in all competitions for arsenal ,  and scored eight goals .  richardson spent one season in spain before returning to england in the summer of  ,  signing for ron atkinson's aston villa for  ,  ,  and was an ever - present in his first two seasons at the club .  richardson became villa's captain ,  and led the club to runne	making early season season road left summer john made season england summer club club	expand
185508	he previous year ,  mark dacey of nova scotia ,  in a game where ferbey's team surrendered a lead .  however ,  team ferbey did not give up ,  and their reign would not be over .  in  ,  the once again won the alberta championships ,  and once again won the canadian championships .  this set a record ,  as his team became the first to win championships as a team .  the final was against nova scotia again ,  albeit a different team ,  that of shawn adams .  in another close game ,  team ferbey pulled it out and won in the final .  his trip to the men's ford world curling championships were marked with struggles ,  as the team finished the round - robin with three losses  tied for first with five other teams .  after having a record ,  ferbey mounted eight straight wins to win the championship over david murdoch of scotland in a convincing victory .  additionally ,  the ferbey rink was the first team in history to score five on any single end in the world finals and they managed this feat	year game team team give set record team team final team game team final world team record team history end world	expand
203914	t yorkshire is a semi - professional football midfielder who plays for evo - stik premier division side frickley athletic .  he began his career at huddersfield town in league one .  career huddersfield town young progressed through the youth ranks at huddersfield town to make his debut in the win over walsall in october  .  he made another two appearances this season ,  as the terriers finished in a play - off spot .  he made a bigger impact upon the first team in the following season ,  making twenty - nine appearances and scoring twice .  his first goal for the club was the equalizing goal in huddersfield's draw against chesterfield at the galpharm stadium on january  .  his first away goal for the club was a scant consolation goal in the humiliating defeat against nottingham forest at the city ground on march .  the humiliating defeat was to be the end of manager peter jackson's second spell in charge of the terriers .  the season did	town town young town make made season made team season making club club city end season	expand
190794	ge  ,  based on a series of award - winning novels by bernice morgan .  also that year ,  she appeared in the television miniseries napolon as the emperor's mistress and had a cameo appearance as a pop singer in deepa mehta's bollywoodhollywood  .  the following year ,  she starred in the girl gang thriller film posers  ,  after which she appeared in the ctv film the death and life of nancy eaton ,  in the title role of murdered heiress nancy eaton .  par made her hollywood debut in the film wicker park  .  that year ,  she also starred in the television miniseries lives of the saints ,  was in the mockumentary see this movie  ,  and had a role in the wb teen drama series jack bobby ,  about two brothers ,  one whom grows up to be the president of the united states ;  par's character grows up to be the first lady .  par shot the cbs pilot protect and serve in  ,  co - starred in the independent french - canadian romantic comedy jusqu' toi ,  and had a small role in the tr	based series year year film film life role made film park year role series united small role	expand
197899	show pulp video which was partly written by her now husband greg hemphill and his co writer ford kiernan .  between and  ,  nimmo was a regular star in the sketch show chewin the fat by the same writers .  she starred in all four series and the new year specials .  after taking a break from acting ,  nimmo returned to the stage in glasgow as so - shy in a production of sandy wilson's pantomime musical aladdin .  she also briefly appeared in the scottish comedy television series rab c .  nesbitt ,  and played elizabeth macquarie in the docudrama ,  the father of australia .  in nimmo starred in the bbc children show balamory as miss hoolie ;  she starred in all four seasons ending in  .  she plays lovely sue in the radio comedy series fags ,  mags and bags .  she played katrine trolle and other witnesses in a radio dramatisation of the court case hm advocate v sheridan and sheridan .  in  ,  she starred with john michie and lorraine mcintosh in the bbc one scotland horror comedy	show show series year taking series played bbc children show radio series played radio case john bbc	expand
205634	hrsg .  von stefan dornuf und reinhard pitsch .  bd .   .  mnchen  ,  s .   -  .  bibliography eldred ,  michael httpwww . arte - fact . orgccfbdspf . html critique of competitive freedom and the bourgeois - democratic state copenhagen kurasje ,   .  bonefeld ,  werner httpwww . findarticles . comparticlesmiqaisainprint dialektik der wertform untersuchungen zur marxschen okonomiekritik the dialectic of the value form investigations into marx's critique of economics .  bonefeld ,  werner httpwww . findarticles . comparticlesmiqaisainprint kapital and its subtitle a note on the meaning of critique .  kubota ,  ken httpwww . eulederminerva . defileskenkubota - diedialektischedarstellungdesallgemeinenbegriffsdeskapitalsimlichtederphilosophiehegels . pdf die dialektische darstellung des allgemeinen begriffs des kapitals im lichte der philosophie hegels .  zur logischen analyse	michael fact html competitive freedom state form note meaning pdf	expand
203707	may is a spanish motorcycle racer who currently competes in the motogp class in the motorcycle world championship .  he is best known for winning the moto world championship with a record points total for the intermediate class .  rabat suffered serious leg injuries in august after falling in heavy rain during practice for the british round at silverstone .  he was hit by a closely following out - of - control machine .  he started racing professionally in  ,  and made his grand prix dbut at that season's valencian grand prix .  career moto world championship season rabat's breakthrough year came during the season .  after finishing ninth in the season - opening qatar grand prix ,  rabat recorded a second - place finish at the grand prix of the americas ;  after five previous third places ,  it was rabat's best result in grand prix racing at the time .  the following race ,  rabat achieved his first pole position in the spanish	class world world class practice british control made world season year season season place time	expand
202756	aves ,  and scott miller .  from to  ,  barbeau performed in the band three minute tease with andy metcalfe and morris windsor erstwhile members of robyn hitchcock - led the soft boysegyptians .  the band recorded two albums ,  three minute tease and bite the hand ,  and toured the uk ,  including a supporting slot for new zealand songwriter don mcglashan .  barbeau has also recorded and performed with stornoway ,  michael urbano ,  robbie mcintosh ,  kimberley rew ,  and members of cake .  barbeau supported julian cope on cope's and uk tours .  in  ,  barbeau released magic act ,  his first post - three minute tease album ,  and his first full - length vinyl release on spain's you are the cosmos label .  the album was also released on cd in the us on mystery lawn music .  the cd and lp versions feature different mixes of the lead - off track ,   " high noon ,  "  with alternate bass and drum performances from colin moulding and michael urbano .  natural causes ,  the followup to  " magic act ,  "  was rel	band members band hand including michael members act post full music high michael act	expand
198881	won by any player in history .  hassan broke hossam hassan's appearance record with his th cap for egypt on january in the africa cup of nations quarter final against cameroon .  he had an eventful game he headed an achille eman corner into his own net though emana was credited with the goal ;  equalized from long range and claimed the final goal in a win in extra time from a free - kick despite replays showing the ball did not cross the line .  on january  ,  hassan picked up his fourth africa cup of nations winners's medal as egypt defeated ghana in the final .  in november  ,  hassan played his th game for egypt in a friendly against brazil .  in doing so he matched the record for international appearances .  on march  ,  hassan started a friendly match against kenya breaking the world record for most international appearances for any international male player with matches played .  international international goals sc	record january final game long range final time free january final game record international world record international international international international	expand
193479	mselves unavailable for selection and a new squad had to be chosen .  seven west indies players made their test debut in the match and the side was captained by floyd reifer who had played the last of his four tests ten years earlier .  mortaza's injury prevented him from taking part in the remainder of the tour and his replacement ,  shakib al hasan ,  led bangladesh to a and victories in the test and odi series respectively .  the west indies' dispute remained unsolved for the rest of bangladesh's tour and the west indies continued to field an inexperienced side .  the knee injury also ruled mortaza out of playing on the tour of zimbabwe in august .  in early august ,  mortaza travelled to australia to undergo arthroscopic surgery on both knees ;  the expected recovery time from the operation was six weeks .  although mortaza was reinstated as bangladesh's captain for the team's home odi series against zimbabwe in october  ,  he did not play in the series .  his injury persisted ,  and he did	west made test side years part test series west west side august august time home series series	expand
198422	back ramon estella malay film productions  .  anak pontianak son of pontianak ramon estella malay film productions  .  the rape of malaya ramon estella malay film productions  .  love crazy ramon estella malay film productions  .  samseng gangster ramon estella malay film productions  .  king of dracula ramon estella cathay - keris  .  darah - ku my blood ramon estella maria menado productions ,  cathay - keris  .  bunga tanjong cape of flowers ramon estella maria menado productions ,  cathay - keris  .  pontianak kembali the pontianak returns ramon estella maria menado productions ,  cathay - keris  .  melanchong ka - tokyo holiday in tokyo ramon estella malay film productions  .  dupa chendana the enchanted island ramon estella malay film productions  .  pusaka pontianak the accursed heritage ramon estella malay film pr	back film productions son film productions film productions love film productions film productions king blood productions productions productions holiday film productions island film productions heritage film	expand
192218	walsh failed to advance beyond the last of any event after this .  he fell to world number ahead of the world championship ,  outside of the top who automatically qualify and could not claim a place via any other route to break a streak of consecutive appearances in the event .  also marked the first uk open not to feature walsh he had played in each one since its inception in after he failed to win enough matches to qualify .  he did qualify for four european tour events with two first round and two second round exits adding a total of  ,  to his ranking .  despite losing in the final round to vincent kamphuis on the last day ,  walsh had done more than enough to win his place back right away as he topped the q school order of merit .  at the th players championship in july ,  walsh reached his first quarter - final in over two years ,  but lost to andrew gilding .  this helped him qualify for the finals and ,  in what was his pdc major event since february  ,  he was	event world number world top place event day place back school order years event	expand
187722	t hughes was not for sale ,  and he remained a regular choice in the first team ,  playing alongside cantona while mcclair was mostly selected in central midfield from then on .  in may  ,  hughes finally collected an english league title medal as united won the first - ever premier league title ;  hughes was united's top scorer with goals in the league and a further goal in the league cup .  from december ,  he mostly played alongside new signing eric cantona in attack ,  with brian mcclair being switched to the centre of midfield .  hughes collected yet more silverware in as united won the league title as well as the fa cup ,  with hughes scoring in the final .  he also scored manchester united's consolation goal in their defeat in the league cup final at the hands of aston villa at wembley in that season .  in so doing ,  he became only the second player after norman whiteside in to score in the finals of both the domestic cups in the same season .  this has since been achieved a	team english league title united league title top league league cup centre united league title cup final league cup final season season	expand
199886	s led mark selby on four occasions but each time he levelled and selby won the deciding frame  .  milkins did win three matches to qualify for the world championship and lost to john higgins in the opening round .  milkins finished the season inside the top for the first time in his career as he was th .  season milkins lost in the second round of the australian goldfields open to joe perry and in the first round of the shanghai masters to judd trump .  he reached the semi - finals of the asian tour's haining open ,  but was defeated by ricky walden .  milkins was knocked out in the second round of the uk championship by david grace .  his second last appearance in a ranking event this season came at the ptc finals courtesy of eliminating tian pengfei  .  he had chances in the deciding frame against barry hawkins to make the quarter - finals ,  but failed to take them to lose  .  milkins ensured his place in the world championship draw by beati	time world john round season top time season round open round open round event season make place world	expand
194117	d sibley born july is an english actor .  he is best known for character roles in several cult television series as twisted radio dj tom everett in bbc television detective series shoestring in the episode mocking bird ;  and in doctor who as pralix in the pirate planet .  he appeared on a dvd extra when this story was released recently .  his first regular television role was in wings bbc tv series in  .  other appearances include blake's  ,  survivors ,  fun at the funeral parlour , target ,  minder ,  lovejoy ,  and the film gandhi .  he appeared as eric birling in the bbc adaptation of j . b .  priestley's an inspector calls .  he returned to television in the year that london blew up  ,  a dramatisation of the ira attacks on london in  -  .  he played john carver in midsomer murders in  .  between and he played four different characters in doctors .  in he was in new tricks episode part of a whole ,  playing journalist nigel baxter .  starred as fr	july english television series bbc television series television bbc series include bbc television year london london john part	expand
190485	ome game of the season against queens park rangers at carrow road ,  marshall came third in the voting for norwich city player of the year after a string of impressive displays .  he was the only member of the squad to have played every minute of every game in the season .  cardiff city on may  ,  following norwich's relegation ,  marshall signed for championship side cardiff city in a deal worth up to  ,  .  he was chosen as the first choice goalkeeper over finland international peter enckelman by manager dave jones ,  making his debut on the opening day of the season in a win over scunthorpe united before conceding his first goal in a draw with blackpool in the following match .  marshall let in three goals in his first south wales derby where city went on to lose to swansea city at the liberty stadium .  marshall suffered an injury in a loss against ipswich town ,  resulting in peter enckelman coming on for the last minutes and two goals being sco	game season road city year member game season city city international making day season south city city	expand
201999	um losing the final with  .  in  ,  flipkens suffered from an injury to the wrist ,  which resulted in her not being able to play for several months .  in  ,  she reached the second round of wta estoril ,  beating lucie afov  ,  in the first round .  she also won three itf tournaments in  .  in  ,  flipkens reached the second round of the australian open and the french open .  she defeated no .  gnes szvay in order to reach the second round at wimbledon ,  where she faced elena baltacha .  flipkens beat the british wildcard in straight sets to set up an encounter with top seed dinara safina and a place in a grand slam third round for the first time in her career .  she lost to the russian ,  after having a set point in the first set ,   ,   .  at the us open ,  she reached the third round ,  after victories in straight sets over jelena dokic and anabel medina garrigues .  she suffered a defeat in the third round ,  losing to compatriot and eventual champion kim clijsters ,   ,   . 	play round round round open open order round british set top place round time set point set open round round	expand
194296	ored his first goal for the club in the win over southend united .  naylor helped rejuvenate leeds' form after signing for his boyhood club ,  who had previously conceded several goals from set pieces .  leeds' defence considerably improved ,  and when sam sodje also signed for leeds on loan they made a formidable centre back partnership at the back ,  after leeds had previously had some defence problems .  the performances of naylor and sodje helped leeds reach the playoff semi - finals ,  but they eventually lost out to millwall after losing on aggregate over two legs .  ian westlake had revealed in the octobernovember issue of the leeds ,  leeds ,  leeds magazine about naylor that  " bam - bam's a massive leeds fan he's got the white rose tattooed on his arm and sings 'marching on together' in the shower after training "  .  in july  ,  he signed for leeds permanently from ipswich town and naylor was appointed the new permanent captain of leeds united following former captain frazer ric	club united form club set leeds made centre back back leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds leeds training july leeds leeds united	expand
195374	a and in the summer of signed with sliema wanderers for a reported sum of lm ,   ,  .  although this was to be his only premier league title with sliema wanderers ,  his contribution was not only limited to his goal - scoring capabilities scoring goals in matches between the and league campaigns but he also served as a player - coach for the season .  in the season ,  busuttil added the fa trophy and super cup to his honours ,  both triumphs coming against birkirkara .  the following season ,  busuttil found his first european goal ,  scoring the winner in a win over partizan in the first leg of the qualifying round of the uefa cup .  his last league game of his career came on august in the win over marsa ,  the opening game of the season .  during this game he scored a goal but was also sent off ,  resulting in an unfulfilled one - match ban .  busuttil's last official match came the following week ,  in the second leg qualifier of	summer league league season season season found european win league game august win game season game match match week	expand
207672	ed his professional football career .  pringle has since subsequently forged a career in coaching ,  notably in women's football .  playing career club career early career benfica born in gothenburg of jamaican descent ,  pringle did not play top flight football until well into his s ,  when he joined helsingborgs if .  after consistent performances ,  he caught the eye of portugal's s . l .  benfica ,  which signed him in august  .  however ,  pringle's chances at the lisbon club were very limited ,  and he amassed just over league appearances in nearly three full seasons .  his best individual campaign was his first ,  as he started in of his matches and scored three times with benfica eventually ranking third .  charlton athletic in january  ,  pringle signed for premier league outfit charlton athletic on a two - month loan from benfica .  under the stewardship of alan curbishley ,  the club was embroiled in a relegation battle and ha	football career career football career club career early career play top football august club full individual times club	expand
182375	shed from the other variables .  for example ,  in x - xy . y ,  the first two terms respectively have the coefficients and  .  the third term  .  is a constant coefficient .  the final term does not have any explicitly written coefficient ,  but is considered to have coefficient  ,  since multiplying by that factor would not change the term .  often coefficients are numbers as in this example ,  although they could be parameters of the problem or any expression in these parameters .  in such a case one must clearly distinguish between symbols representing variables and symbols representing parameters .  following ren descartes ,  the variables are often denoted by  ,   ,   .  .  .  ,  and the parameters by  ,   ,   ,   .  .  .  ,  but it is not always the case .  for example ,  if is considered as a parameter in the above expression ,  the coefficient of is  ,  and the constant coefficient is  .  when one writes axbxc ,  it is generally supposed that is the only variable and that  ,  and are para	terms term final term written considered change term numbers parameters problem parameters case parameters parameters case considered	expand
