	target_text	input_text	prefix
1618229	q home made bottom bracket plastic sleeve i want to make a plastic sleeve from a water bottle ,  for a classic cup and cone bottom bracket ,  to protect against moisture and impurities that may run down the seat tube .  how do i know the proper size i need to cut it to ?  is there a better material i can use ,  rather than a plastic bottle ?  a it should be simple enough to measure the b . b .  shell width minus the width of the two cups to get a tailored fit .  you can cut the circumference to fit while you work ,  but shell diameter is probably approx  -  mm .  but should you ?  at the moment any moisture etc running down the seat tube is pointing at the drain hole ,  perfect .  if there is plastic in the way ,  moisture will be diverted ,  possibly towards the bearings you want to protect .  cartridge b . b . s have other seals to mitigate this .  if the b . b .  is more precious to you than the cost of a replacement ,  consider removing it for safe keeping and using a sacrificial replacement ,  cartridge	home made make water run cut material simple cut work cost	expand
1620812	nd their way to bone marrow ?  miraculously ,  transplanted stem cells find their way to the bone marrow missing the stem cells .  how do they achieve this ?  a the transplantation is an equivalent of a process that naturally occurs in human body ,  homing of the hematopoietic stem cells .  immature hematopoietic stem cells have the ability to pass the bone marrow barrier ,  and therefore is able to migrate between bones and other organs within an individual .  e . g .  thymus ,  which is how it can produce t cells .  williams et al .  believe that the process ,  homing ,  is a complex interaction and is similar to the migration of leukocytes to inflammatory sites .  peripheral stem cell transplantation makes use of this ability .  the donor first will be administered with certain drugs to proliferate stem cells in bone marrow and hereby raising the concretion of hematopoietic stem cells in blood .  those stem cells in blood then will be collected and transfused into the recipient .  eventually those cells wil	cells find cells process human body cells cells ability individual cells process sites makes ability cells cells blood cells blood cells	expand
1616632	most touching the rotor .  this provided the short lever travel i was looking for ,  as well as great stopping power i could lift the rear wheel if i pressed the front brake hard enough .  now ,  i just got a bike with hydraulic disk brakes sram apex  .  they are rather soft by comparison .  the pads don't touch the rotor until the lever has moved significantly .  i can pull the front brake lever all the way to the bar ,  and i still do not get nearly as much stopping power as i did with the mechanical brakes with half the lever pull .  the modulation is great ,  but i would really like more stopping power and a firmer lever .  is there a way to adjust this ?  in other words ,  i'm looking for something more like the third scenario in this image ,  and less like the second .  tldr are there any adjustments for hydraulic road disc brakes sram apex like there are for their mechanical counterparts ?  a there is no adjustment for modulation on the apex hydro brakes ,  but make sure the lever reach hasn't	provided short travel great power front hard front power half great power road make	expand
1612024	pressure in my tires ,  and among other things ,  i'm looking at the valves in the tubes .  it's an old mountain bike with inch tires .  can i use presta tubes on rims drilled for schrader valves ?  i know the valve will be smaller than the hole and could cause issues there ,  but has anyone had success or failures with this ?  a as you mentioned ,  one of the primary differences between a presta and schrader valves are the diameters -  - with schrader valves being slightly larger -  - and therefore the valve holes on bicycle rims are drilled to suit one size or another .  your foremost concern with using a presta valve in a rim drilled for a shrader valve shouldn't be 'movement' of the valve stem ,  as geoffc suggested ,  but rather a 'hernia' of the tube through the excess space at high pressure ,  leading to a blowout .  most mountain bike tires sit at a low pressure ,  therefore you will probably get away with it ,  however ,  there is a very inexpensive adapter ,  sometimes called a 'valve grommet' ,  which is mad	pressure things issues success size space high pressure leading low pressure called	expand
1619842	ta tgcatgctgat i don't understand how the dna can form bonds there ?  a dna - rna triplex formation is well - documented .  it was originally analysed in simple model polynucleotides where the dna has a polypurine strand and the rna has a polypyrimidine ,  e . g .  rcccccc dgggggggggggggg dcccccccccccccc ruuuuuu daaaaaaaaaaaaa dttttttttttttt but it is now known to occur in more complex sequences .  one of the best studied examples is in the promoter of the human dhfr gene gee ,  j .  e .  et al .  triplex formation prevents sp binding to the dihydrofolate reductase promoter .  j .  biol .  chem .   ,  in this work the oligonucleotide gr was shown to bind in a triple helix to spi binding site i in the dhfr promoter cr was used as a control .  triplex formation was detected by gel shift ,  and the specificity was confirmed by dnase i footprinting .  this effect is part of the regulation of dhfr  -  the transcript from a minor upstream promoter binds to the major promoter ,  see	form simple model human work site control effect part major	expand
1641623	th it in it need to be cooked ?  i'm asking because i found a recipe online for an ice cream that calls for baking coco ,  but doesn't call for cooking .  i've used baking coco before to make hot chocolate ,  but it seems that it wouldn't dissolve fully if not first put in some sort of hot liquid ,  even though it's finely ground .  if not ,  do i need to treat it differently before putting it in a recipe ?  a most of the ice creams i've made have been custard - based ,  meaning that egg yolks are cooked together with cream and sugar .  the mixture is chilled and then churned .  for a custard - style ice cream recipe including cocoa powder ,  the cocoa would likely be dissolved during the cooking step .  if you are following a no - cook recipe that includes cocoa powder ,  i would at least use a whisk to mix the cocoa in as thoroughly as possible .  however ,  dissolving the cocoa in a hot liquid would likely result in a smoother ice cream .  not sure what kind of recipe you are following ,  but you could probably	found online call make hot put hot made based including hot result	expand
1639010	dried oregano teaspoon black pepper ,  ground habanero peppers ,  seeded diced finely chipotle peppers ,  seeded diced finely a there is tremendous variation in how chilis are flavored ;  if you have three chili cooks in the room ,  you probably will have six different opinions .  the most traditional flavor base is built on chili and cumin ,  plus depending on region and variant ,  tomatoes ,  onions andor garlic .  after that ,  you get into preference .  some cooks don't add any herbs at all .  others add complex blends of spices even chocolate rivaling some of the mole sauces of mexico .  i think the most compatible herbs for chili include include mexican oregano which is a different herb than oregano ,  so if you can get it ,  it is the best choice ,  oregano as you have already mentioned ,  and thyme .  i do like to put a bay leaf or three in my chili although that may not be traditional .  still ,  if you don't have them available or cannot use them for some reason ,  leaving them out is a fine o	black ground room traditional built add add include include choice put traditional reason	expand
1609786	e side wall one of the rows has an extra covering on it ,  i'm almost sure that is to cover one of the brackets as mentioned in the answer below but even without that the whole cabin is curved .  a the cabin interior is curved to accommodate ,  among other things ,  the brackets holding the upper deck floor beams .  these brackets are a structural feature that transfers the weight of the upper deck to the fuselage with considerably less reinforcement that a straight t - joint .  the bracket acts as a small truss element ,  creating a triangle with the deck and the fuselage that partially turns bending loads into axial ones .  here is an actual production cutaway ,  noticeably different from wiki's simplified representation of the a's cross - section it would be possible to only wrap the interior lining around the brackets themselves ,  not along the whole length .  but they're not the only thing there although others could be rerouted ;  structure requires testing ,  and this curve saves a bit of weigh	side extra cover answer things small production section thing bit	expand
1640101	oven and uncovering the potatoes toward the end of cooking ensured dry ,  crisp skin .  a by  - inch baking dish provided plenty of space so that we didnt have to crowd the potatoes ,  and cups of salt allowed us to thoroughly cover the bottom of the pan .  i have found that salt roasting potatoes makes the skin crispy ,  without it getting hard .  like the above says ,  the potato itself seems fluffier .  the way the salt seasons the potato is particularly nice as well .  incidentally ,  you can reuse the salt over and over again ,  so it's not as wasteful as it might seem when you first consider the method .  you'll want to keep separate salt for things like this ,  though ,  since it picks up potato flakes and discolors a bit .  edit the atk method calls for covering the x baking dish for potatoes and cups of salt tightly with aluminum foil and roasting at f c for hours .  remove foil ,  brush potatoes with oil ,  raise oven temp to f c and continue roasting for  -  mi	end provided space salt cover found salt hard salt salt method salt things method salt hours	expand
1639288	oes if you need to increase the gravy's volume .  e . g .  paneer butter masala where tomato puree is better vs .  matar paneer where diced tomatoes bring out more tangy spicy flavor .  do you need to keep the peel on or lose it completely ?  if you need to lose the peel ,  peeled amp ;  canned tomatoes can save much time over having to boil or microwaving the tomatoes .  what is the cutting style required in the recipe ?  finely chopped ,  coarsely chopped ?  this point is relevant in case the recipe needs only semi cooked tomatoes .  are the tomatoes being used to add bulk or for flavor ?  canned tomatoes do have a slightly different flavor specially if a preservative brine solution has been added .  in salads or indian dishes like bhel puri ,  the way tomato pieces are added also contribute to aesthetics and make food more appetizing .  so canned tomatoes are a stric no - no for such dishes .  and overall -  use fresh tomatoes tomato is one of the veggies which can be chopped fast amp ;  painlessly . 	increase bring time required point case add added added make food	expand
1642283	rature help ?  other vegetables that would work better here instead ?  a you're not going to get any browning on the vegetables .  by cooking everything together ,  you're steaming everything ,  preventing anything from browning .  if the carrots were on the top layer ,  you could put it under the broiler top heatfor a minute or two ,  after everything's cooked through  .  .  .  but for that ,  i would put the rice on the bottom ,  the carrots above them ,  then the cod .  cook to your normal doneness ,  remove the cod and broil until you get some brown on the top .  you might still get away with it if the rice and carrots are mixed together  -  -  there's a special name for the layer of crunchy rice that you get when cooking paella which adds flavor and a contrasting texture .  as for flavorings  -  -  garlic and onion would have been my go - to in this sort of thing  .  .  .  but i'd also add bell peppers ,  possibly roasted in advance .  for spices ,  i'd serve it with za'atar blend  -  -  the citrusy quality of the sumac helps to	work top put top put normal brown top special thing add quality helps	expand
1618815	on the sheldon brown hybrid gearing section .  httpswww . sheldonbrown . cominternal - gears . htmlsprockets if you look at the photo of my current setup you can see the rear belt cog is deeply dished .  it uses practically all of the mounting surface on the shimano nexus spd ,  covering the snap ring groove .  the drive surface is mm plus flanges .  removing it will leave more than enough room for a pair of sprockets .  there is enough of a stub outboard of the snap ring groove to support a second sprocket ,  especially if the inner side is beveled slightly to fit over the snap ring that retains the first sprocket .  if i drill and tap for a couple of screws i should be able to install the inner sprocket ,  snap ring ,  and then secure the outer sprocket to the inner .  since power is transmitted through the three lugs on the sprocket bore ,  the screws should be under almost no load and the outer sprocket can double as a snap ring retainer .  either i no longer have teenage legs or my present gearing	section current surface ring surface leave room ring support side ring ring power ring present	expand
1619978	model of a concentration cell see more on wikipedia .  the equation you mentioned is also called the nernst equation .  eion mv biggllogfracionoutsideioninsidebiggr frackmathrmb tz mathrme biggllnfracionoutsideioninsidebiggr where kmathrmb is the boltzmann constant ,  t temperature k ,  mathrme elementary charge and z the number of elementary charges per ion in the case of na thus the mv come from frackmathrmb tmathrme ln as you can see ,  as the temperature increases ,  entropic effects gain strength and thus more ions move against the electric field ,  raising the membrane potential .  so your mv are not only empirical but also based on a well defined physical model .  and the equilibrium voltage of na is the same because at physiological conditons the intracellular concentration is ten times smaller than the extracellular .  thus logfracionoutsideioninside	model called number case effects move field potential based model times	expand
1634203	for cooking shredded red cabbage in a quart of water ,  salt ,  caraway seeds ,  and brown sugar .  then it says to drain cabbage when cooked and add vinegar and butter .  if i do this ,  won't i lose the sweetness that forms the basis of the sweet and sour ?  would it maintain flavor better to remove the lid and cook down the liquid and then add vinegar and butter ?  a red cabbage is usually braised ,  not boiled .  following the instructions listed in your recipe ,  you're going to lose the flavor of the caraway as well .  for german - style sweet and sour red cabbage i typically saute some diced onion and apple in sugar and butter until just golden ,  add the shredded cabbage and then cook a little until the cabbage is glazed .  add some beef stock along with red wine vinegar ,  bay leaf and salt and then braise lightly covered until cabbage has softened .  sprinkle some flour over the top and add add'l beef stock and red wine to this .  at the end ,  remove from heat and stir in a couple of tablespoons red cu	red water add forms basis add red style red add add stock red wine top add stock red wine end red	expand
1625766	s full species ,  the western cattle egret and the eastern cattle egret .  the eastern subspecies b .  ibis coromandus ,  described by pieter boddaert in  ,  breeds in asia and australasia ,  and the western subspecies b .  ibis ibis occupies the rest of the species range ,  including the americas .  the eastern subspecies b .  ibis coromandus differs from the nominate subspecies in breeding plumage in that the buff color on its head extends to the cheeks and throat ,  and the plumes are more golden in color .  b .  ibis usually feeds in seasonally inundated grasslands ,  pastures ,  farmlands ,  wetlands and rice paddies .  their name comes from their tendency to often accompany cattle or other large mammals in these areas ,  where they catch insects attracted to and small vertebrates disturbed by these animals .  originally native to parts of asia ,  africa and europe ,  b .  ibis has undergone a rapid expansion in its distribution and successfully colonized much of the rest of the world in the last century . 	full species rest species range including head large areas small rest world	expand
1621335	gh you are living in the active zone of tbe .  cases mild allergic symptoms allergic symptoms under control of montelukast asthma in control asthmatic symptoms bronchitis ,  rhinosinutis ,  repeated cough what are the risks of having this vaccine during allergic symptoms when you have mild asthma medication montelukast ?  i still think the risk of encephalitis is higher if you get tbe from nature than from vaccine .  are there really some cases where encephalitis is caused by the tbe vaccine ?  a interesting question !  the tick borne encephalitis vaccine is an inactivated vaccine .  it is therefore impossible to get the infection from the vaccine .  reports of fever have been noted but that is due to the body mounting an immune response not due to infection .  there are therefore no reports of encephalitis or other markers of infection following the vaccine .  not only may you have the tbe vaccine if you are asthmatic ,  but if you are at risk due to your lifestyle and location then ,  partic	living cases symptoms symptoms control control symptoms symptoms risk nature cases reports due body due reports risk due location	expand
1622102	atalytic subunits and two regulatory subunits .  see the image from the wikipedia article on pka each regulatory subunit r is binding two cyclic amp camp molecules and dissociates then from the protein complex .  this sets the catalytic subunits free ,  which can then transfer phosphate groups from atp to serine or threonine residues of target proteins .  among the target proteins is also the phosphodiesterase pde which gets activated by phosphorylation from pka .  activated pde hydrolyzes camp into amp which reduces the amount of free camp which is necessary for pka activation .  pka is also inactivated by phosphorylation .  in the cell you will find pka almost everywhere .  the traditional belief is that the protein is activated in the cytosol and enters the nucleus where it phosphorylates targets like creb which then subsequently binds the the cre sequence in gene promoters and activates this genes .  reference shows that pka is also activated in the nucleus ,  meaning that also the inactive	image article free groups target target amount free find traditional reference shows	expand
1628183	e begin to increase .  progesterone prepares the endometrium to receive and nourish a fertilized egg .  if pregnancy does not occur ,  estrogen and progesterone levels decrease .  the decrease in progesterone triggers menstruation the shedding of the uterine lining .  once the lining is completely shed ,  a new menstrual cycle begins .  acog the uterine lining secretes an anti - clotting factor during periods to assist the blood flow .  if the substance is not sufficient to overcome the natural clotting factor menstrual blood clots can form ,  a process known as hemostasis .  flow may slow down toward the end of a period ,  and blood can clump .  when women are reclining for a time ,  such as while sleeping ,  the discharge will pool ,  and blood clots will be dislodged when upon standing .  the blood darkens as it sits and sometimes looks brown or black .  during menstruation ,  the endometrial cells that line the uterus strip away and leave the body .  as this happens ,  the body releases proteins that cause the blood	increase blood blood form process end period blood women time blood blood line body body blood	expand
1636560	g vinegared water how does one remove the vinegar taste from eggs that are poached in water with vinegar added ?  would rinsing the eggs in a sugar solution help ?  a i assume you mean eggs that have been poached in water with vinegar added ?  i usually add vinegar to my poaching water when making poached eggs .  however ,  i rarely taste the vinegar .  i would suggest use less vinegar .  i use no more than a tablespoon for a shallow frying pan's worth of water use a milder vinegar like white wine vinegar ,  or even lemon juice use really fresh eggs if you can ,  in which case you don't even need vinegar lots of people use a saucepan full of water to poach eggs .  i used to ,  but always with inconsistent results .  usually the egg white would just disintegrate and form a foam .  now i use a small ,  shallow frying pan .  this means the egg white has less opportunity to disintegrate ,  and also means i need to use less vinegar to help the white set .  if rather than poaching you mean pickling ,  there's li	water water added water added water water white case people full water white form small means white means white set	expand
1641129	s ,  the longer they take to dry out .  arrange your sliced mushrooms on baking trays in a single layer .  bake your mushrooms for hour and remove from oven .  use some paper towel to gently dab any moisture that sweated out from your mushrooms .  turn your mushrooms over and cook for another hour .  by now your mushrooms should be completely dry .  if not ,  repeat steps and until they are dry .  allow them to cool ,  and then store them in an air - tight container in a cool ,  dark place .  your mushrooms are ready to store when they feel dry when you touch them .  they should still be flexible a good idea is to add a wad of paper towel at the bottom of the jar  -  just to absorb any moisture that might still be lurking around .  to rehydrate put your mushrooms in a bowl of warm water for minute or if you are in a hurry ,  bring a pot of water to the boil and simmer your mushrooms for minutes keep this liquid for stocks ,  soups and sauces by pouring the liquid into an i	dry single hour paper hour dry dry place feel dry good paper put water water minutes	expand
1606067	q what are these green  " bags "  on the ssj ?  i've seen some green  " bags "  on the ssj when they were building it .  what is the purpose of these ?  a that's cabin insulation  -  probably fiberglass .  it's not always in green bags blankets ,  and not always fiberglass ,  but some kind of insulation is necessary to help control temperature and reduce cabin noise air moving over the fuselage is really loud .  here are some other photos of different types of insulation basic fiberglass with a plastic backing ,  cut to fit .  fiberglass with either plastic or foil backings is commonly used because it is both light and inherently flame - retardant as long as the backing is fireproof it will not burn .  soundex  -  a sandiwch of acoustic foam ,  thermal insulating foam and aluminum foil  -  is a popular choice on propeller aircraft slightly heaver than fiberglass ,  but better at dampening sound .  foam padding similar to the foam used under carpets does a decent job at both sound a	green green building green control air light long choice sound similar job sound	expand
1621059	biopython error gt ; gt ; gt ;  from bio import seqio gt ; gt ; gt ;  for seqrecord in seqio . parse " lsorchid . fasta "  ,   " fasta "   .  .  .  printseqrecord . id file  " lt ; stdingt ;  "  ,  line printseqrecord . id indentationerror expected an indented block first i import the sequence and then whenever i try to print using this  "  printseqrecord . id "  i get this error indentationerror expected an indented block how can i preent that need help .  .  a biopython is a module of python and the language is structured in the same way .  this particular example does not make it clear how and where to find the files and extract the data you want .  first ,  you need to download the file and put it in a place where python will find it .  below i have an example where i was able to extract the record id .  i first set up a fasta file for my code to go through and then it adds the data to a list seq  .  the  " with open "  line joins my data files together .  the line ends with a  "  " 	file line make find data file put place find set file data list open line data line	expand
1615860	ano sis rear derailleur which needs fixing .  i took it off the wheel while i was fixing the puncture in the rear wheel .  now i am not able to fix it .  it keeps coming off when i am pedaling especially while going on the hills .  as you can see the fitting end is not a ring .  so it comes off easily .  also there is small bolt ,  not sure what it name is ,  is blocking the derailiuer going fully into the axle .  i need help please .  until this is fixed ,  i cant use the bike .  thanks in advance .  a what you need to do is ensure that the plate which the small bolt is attached to is located in the frame dropout .  you should see one side of it is curved to match up to the drop out .  you'll need either a philips screwdriver or a mm wrench to tighten the bolt and hold your reach mech in place .  i've attached a photo from shimano's tech doc illustrating what i mean .  once the rear mech is back in place ,  tighten your wheel nut up and ensure the wheel is central in the frame ,  this type of design allows the wh	coming end small ensure small side place back place ensure central type design	expand
1614078	mshoulsuugvjaihtaatizmbep a you can  " boot "  the tire .  this involves placing a piece of relatively stiff material inside the tire to cover the hole .  for smaller holes a piece of us currency which is printed on quite durable paper is often folded several times and inserted ,  but cm is about the limit for that .  you can buy a commercial  " boot "  that is a piece of plastic or stiff rubber designed for this duty ,  but they're a bit expensive and really only intended for cyclists to carry for emergency repairs on the road .  if you can get your hands on a scrap bicycle tire you can cut a boot from that .  generally you'd cut the piece from the sidewall ,  not the tread area because the sidewall is thinner ,  and for a cm cut in a tire you'd make the boot at least x cm ,  and ideally as large as you can manage .  you insert the boot in the tire ,  maybe with a spot of tire patch glue to keep it from shifting but make sure the glue doesn't ooze into contact with the tube and glue it in plac	piece piece paper times piece designed road cut cut piece area cut make large make contact	expand
1633975	how do you cook quinoa ?  i mean what equipment do you use electric cooker ,  pressure cooker ,  stove top ?  do you add spices or vegetables to it while cooking it ?  a quinoa naturally contains a bitter compound on the outside of the seed .  usually you have to rinse the quinoa to remove the bitterness but most commercial quinoa seems to have already been rinsed .  so ,  i no longer rinse my quinoa .  if you have time ,  it's nice to heat a pan and add the quinoa and toast it a little for a nutty flavor and fluffier texture ,  then add water and salt .  i typically bring the water to a boil cups water to cup quinoa plus tsp salt ,  cover and reduce the heat to a simmer for  -  minutes or until the little tails release .  lately i've found that using a rice cooker is a no - fuss way to prepare quinoa .  i usually just do quinoa ,  water and sea salt but you can add spices while cooking it if you want to enhance the flavor .  i would add vegetables afterwards .  quinoa is so quick - cooking i w	equipment top add time add add water bring water water cover minutes found water sea add add	expand
1637931	hat on top of the mound of apples .  we essentially just mixed most of it into the apples and then poured the remaining on top for the crust .  are there any suggestions for making crumple crust for apple pies ?  i guess one idea could be to add the crumble crust after the apples has reduced down a bit during baking .  a according to the crumb recipe on the epicurious website ,  the crumb mixture should be the texture of wet sand and then packed down on the mound of filling cup all purpose flour cup sugar cup packed golden brown sugar teaspoons ground cinnamon teaspoon salt tablespoons chilled unsalted butter ,  cut into  - inch cubes blend first ingredients in processor .  add chilled butter cubes ;  using onoff turns ,  cut in until mixture resembles wet sand .  after mounding the filling in the crust ,  pack topping over and around apples .  bake pie on baking sheet in pre - heated  - degree oven ,  until topping is golden ,  about	top top making idea add bit website cup cup cup ground cut add cut degree	expand
1633759	's right and wrong anyway .  .  . should i look more at a non - galizing sauce for a steak instead ?  a i use a similar recipe ,  unfortunately i don't remember the original source ,  but i've changed over time anyway .  things i don't use that you have in your recipe sugar jack daniels cider vinegar worcestershire sauce mustard things i do use lots of fresh ground spices .  typically or cloves ,  teaspoon of cumin seeds ,  tablespoon of fennel seeds ,  black pepper and salt .  fresh herbs ,  including rosemary ,  bay and thyme balsamic vinegar  -  about half a bottle of inexpensive stuff orange zest  -  zest of one whole orange smoked paprika  -  about heaped teaspoons olive oil  -  about tablespoons grind - up the spices and place in the marinade tray .  medium fine chop the fresh herbs leave the fresh bay leaves whole with the orange zest and a whole bulb of garlic ,  then add to the spice mixture .  to that add juice from an orange ,  the balsamic ,  followed by the ketchup and olive oil .  mix well .  score	original time things things fresh black fresh including half oil place fresh fresh add add oil	expand
1610515	d special sealant to be airtight on pressurized airliners ?  do rivets on airframe need a dedicated sealant ,  e . g .  epoxy ,  to be really airtight on a pressurized airliner ,  or is the expansion of the rivet shaft already sufficient ?  as a side note ,  how are carbon fiber panels joined with aluminum or titanium panels ?  a i banged rivets on a production line long ago .  the countersunk rivets used in the pressure hull depend on expansion of the shaft ,  but some rivets also have a slightly larger radius where the shank flares out into the head compared to a standard flush rivet ,  which forms a tighter seal when the rivet is set .  you don't actually apply sealant to the rivet itself .  the sealant ,  which is a crazy - sticky goo stuff not epoxy ,  it cures to a hard rubber consistency ,  gets everywhere when you are shooting rivets on the pressure hull because the faying surfaces the overlapping metal to metal surfaces are coated in sealant before assembly ,  which gets in the rivet holes the sea	special side note production line long head standard set hard	expand
1636563	serve with indian butter chicken murgh makhani ?  are there any kind of preferred techniques ,  or spicing perhaps ?  a basmati is classic .  i am particularly fond of brown basmati rice ,  which has more flavor than white basmati ,  but it takes longer to cook and will go rancid after months .  if basmati is not available ,  any long - grain rice will suffice ;  short - grain rice tends to be too sticky .  as for technique ,  rinse the rice until the rinse - water runs clear .  for every cup of rice ,  use cups of water and tsp salt .  bring the water to a boil ;  add the rice and salt and reduce the heat to a simmer .  cook covered until the liquid has been absorbed and the texture of the rice is tender .  for additions to the rice ,  you have loads of options .  you can add a pinch of saffron to the water for a vibrant yellow color and distinctive floral aroma if you just want color ,  add tsp ground turmeric .  you can add chunks of peeled ginger ,  cracked peppercorns ,  whole peeled garlic cloves ,  wh	rice white months long rice short rice rice water clear rice water bring water add rice rice rice add water add ground add	expand
1613149	t my front gears and have also been following a video to adjust the highlow position of my front derailleur .  the issue i am having is that the low adjustment is no where near the mm distance that the chain to front derailleur should attain .  the photos below also show the distance i can achieve .  now i am wondering ;  is the angle of my front derailleur is incorrect ?  if so ,  what should i line it up with ?  i have supplied a couple of photos .  please feel free to ask for additional info .  the photo was taken while the the rear gear was on the biggest cog and the front gear was on the smallest cog .  the chain is almost touching the front ,  pedal side of the derailleur and the chain is almost touching the derailleur at the back on the frame side .  thank you view from the top  -  click for larger view from the rear tyre forward .  click for larger a that derailleur appears to be rotated so that the  " tail "  of the derailleur plate is too far from the frame .  the ideal is to have the inside	front front issue front show front line free front front side back side view top click view click	expand
1624067	ct reasonable model .  in response to the comment below i'll cite rupp's biomolecular crystallography ,  the most comprehensive book on this subject .  refinement and restraints are covered in chapter  ,  model building and refinement .  an observation does not have to be an experimental observation measured data specific to the particular structure ,  but can be any type of general prior knowledge regarding molecular stereochemistry .  known stereochemistry can be exploited and implemented in macromolecular refinement in the form of geometric constraints and restraints .   .  .  .  we know from accurate and precise small molecule and peptide fragment structures  .  .  .  that bond lengths and bond angles show distinct and relatively narrow distributions around their mean positions .   .  .  .  refinement programs read restraint target values specific for each residue and each ligand molecule from restraint library files ,  which are subject to continuous empirical update .  the v	book subject building data specific general form small show read specific subject	expand
1626065	roscopy uses single photon of laser light to excite the molecule of fluorescent dye .  in two photon microscopy you use two photons ,  with lower energy ,  which cannot excite the molecule of dye on their own ,  but their interference in a specific place leads to summation of their energies and to excitation .  this has benefits such as decreased phototoxicity and increased precision resolution especially in z - plane .  how does the implement look like ?  does all relevant genetically engineered neurons light in the same color ?  there are two types of fluorescent dyes for  - photon ca imagining .  since you want to measure local concentration of ca ,  you can either use a chemical which chelates the calcium ions and changes its conformation and fluorescent properties based on that e . g .  fura -  .  alternatively ,  you can prepare fused protein from calmodulin calcium modulated protein and some fluorescent protein e . g .  gfp and transfect the cells with this product .  this means you can tra	single light energy place benefits light ca local ca based product means	expand
1635935	sh in sushi must be cooked ?  sushi fish is raw .  .  .  except for eel ,  which is a fish but is cooked .  are there other types of fish that are cooked in sushi ?  is this a food safety issue ?  e . g .  shrimpcrabseafood which aren't served raw either a all of the following are generally cooked items shrimp ,  ebi ,  available raw in sashimi ,  but almost always lightly poached .  the poaching brings out sweet and subtle flavors otherwise masked by a metallic tang .  it also prevents the highly perishable shrimp from losing texture to spoilage .  octopus ,  tako ,  available raw in sashimi when sliced very thinly ,  but otherwise poached lightly .  the poaching reduces toughness and brings out additional flavors in an otherwise bland meat .  eel ,  unagi ,  as you noted ,  is always grilled ,  and steamed .  this is necessary to achieve the truly transcendent flavor and texture of unagi .  in fact ,  the cooking of eel is such a challenge that it is generally a whole separate chef profession in japan .  most eel comes f	fish fish types fish food safety issue generally items highly additional fact generally	expand
1624545	ere atp is synthesised .  however ,  i can't find what the function of the alpha subunit is .  a source would be appreciated .  a wikipedia tends to answer your question by this emphasis mine in f - atpases ,  there are three copies each of the alpha and beta subunits that form the catalytic core of the f complex ,  while the remaining f subunits gamma ,  delta ,  epsilon form part of the stalks .  there is a substrate - binding site on each of the alpha and beta subunits ,  those on the beta subunits being catalytic ,  while those on the alpha subunits are regulatory .  the alpha and beta subunits form a cylinder that is attached to the central stalk .  the alphabeta subunits undergo a sequence of conformational changes leading to the formation of atp from adp ,  which are induced by the rotation of the gamma subunit ,  itself is driven by the movement of protons through the f complex c subunit .  for above information ,  wikipedia cites this .  i have put some info from it below .  from introduction	find question form complex form part site form central leading complex information put	expand
1615622	n using the stock mounting brackets .  this causes a large shadow from the front wheel that we both don't like .  so ,  i'm looking for racks that have a provision for mounting a light these lights have a mm wide mount that takes a bolt running perpendicular to the beam axis .  does any one have suggestions ?  a the rack i ended up getting was the racktime top - it .  it mounts the light on the centerline in front of the rack just below the top deck of the rack .  this is pretty much where peter white says the light is designed to go .  there is just enough room to mount a bamp ; m cyo ,  a bigger light probably wouldn't fit .  the location is good ,  it pretty well eliminates the shadow of your front wheel .  here's a photo from ecovelo that shows the rack and light pretty well .  on a kona sutra the rack mounts a bit lower and further forward to get the rack deck level .  i ran the wires up the diagonal strut inside a length of aluminum tubing to protect them from the pannier hooks .  source ecovelo . inf	large front light wide top light front top light designed room light location good front light level	expand
1627752	decrease due to the narrow pore in a voltage - gated potassium channel ?  if you have a voltage - gated potassium channel that do not inactivate ,  at which voltage would you see decrease in ion conductance related to the narrow path in the pore ?  with that said i know that in a solutions with other ions there is a possibility that the high driving force eventually will lead to blockage of the pore by other ions .  this is more of a theoretical question .  a there is a point where diffusion into the pore can be a limiting factor in the channel's conductance .  if the trans - membrane voltage and the recording solution viscosity are high enough ,  unitary ionic current departs the ohms law ;  approaching a plateau .  this asymptotic saturation amplitude represents the diffusion limited rate with which ions approach the channel entrance .  the bigger the pore entrance ,  or the higher the ion concentration ,  or the larger the diffusion coefficient ,  the higher is the limiting asymptotic current .  the pore	due channel channel high lead point high current law rate approach channel higher higher current	expand
1637576	sted in a restaurant a temaki corncone that had sliced teriyaki beef steak in it which was splendid .  i am trying to achieve that .  i have tried frying and grilling but both come out hard .  marinating for  - hours each time .  what could i be doing wrong ?  a any number of things can go wrong .  is your flesh cut correctly ,  that is ,  against the grain ?  hint if you see a string ,  it's cut with the grain and will affect tenderness .  has your flesh properly aged ?  enzymes in the meat dissolve the tissue ,  making it naturally tender .  days is recommended .  you marinade too long .   -  minutes is recommended here for your cuts .  you cook the meat too long .  a thin slice should be fried on high heat for a short time .  restaurants get better meat .  fact of life .  edit basic saut method .  heat the pan .  the pan is hot when a drop of water becomes steam instantly .  add some oil and heat it .  it should become very hot very quick .  look for wrinkles on the surface .  add the meat .  when you see a drop of 'b	time number things making days long long high time life water add add	expand
1636808	ifference ?  a if you soak your beans in brine tbsp table salt per gallon of water ,  or  .  salt by weight it'll help soften the skins by replacing calcium and magnesium ions in the skin .  after soaking for hours ,  drain and rinse .  source cooks illustrated ,  login required .  harold mcgee in on food and cooking also mentions this p .  and suggests salt by weight .  mcgee also mentions that  .  baking soda will further reduce cooking times but may lead to unpleasant taste amp ;  mouth feel .  alternatively ,  cook's illustrated also reports that dried kombu can be used to similar effect ,  without needing the soak .  even after brining ,  taste them when nearly done cooking you may need to add some saltit doesn't always penetrate that far into the beans .  at least ,  that's been my experience .  quick summary create  .  salt by weight brine ,  approx tbsp table salt per gallon of water .  sort remove rocks ,  deformed and damaged beans ,  etc .  and rinse dried beans .  drain rins	table water weight hours required food weight times feel add experience weight table water	expand
1618031	bit and probably need to be lubricated .  but ,  i'm not sure which tools i need to buy to unmount them .  what's the size of the square drive sockets to get to unmount the pedals ?  after googling the pedal size i see that the majority are  "  ,  but the square bits are usually in mm .  is mm the right size ?  i suppose an adjustable wrench will also prove useful to remove the pedals from the crankset .  is there another component needed for that ?  below is a small picture of the pedal in question a don't need to remove to oil these pedals .  lean your bike over to the side ,  pedal facing to ground .  run oil down the pedal shaft into the pedal bearing  -  spin the pedal on the shaft ,  and the oil will wick into the gap between the metal and the plastic .  more oil until it is free and quiet .  a thickish oil  -  wet - ride ride chainlube ,  chainsaw oil ,  or thin motor oil is probably ideal .  put thin oil on the thread end of the pedal shaft ,  hoping it will wick in back side of the crank arm ,  this	buy size size size small oil side run oil oil oil free oil oil oil put oil end back side	expand
1634170	back on the oil .  .  . no ,  but here are some suggestions for making a cakey brownie more dense and  " fudgey "  follow tim's advice above on using butter instead of oil .  it's not doing anything as far as calories but it will produce better flavor vs .  a neutral oil .  however ,  particularly if you're planning to put nuts in them ,  you could replace a portion of the vegetable oil with walnut or hazelnut oil for enhanced nutty flavor .  replace half of the whole eggs with egg yolks .  cakiness in brownies is partly due to the use of whole eggs .  egg whites have a drying effect on baked goods .  in converting a brownie recipe i did ,  i used egg yolks for each whole egg .  replace part of the granulated sugar with corn syrup .  they hygroscopic natureability to absorb moisture and retain it of the corn syrup will create a more dense moist result .  i think i replaced about half the sugar with corn syrup .  the added moisture of the corn syrup will help to off - set the loss of moisture from removing the e	back oil making advice oil oil put oil oil half due part result half set	expand
1635861	ls for instant potato flakes ,  only i can't find instant potato flakes .  this is the original recipe cup lukewarm water cup ounce instant potato flakes teaspoons yeast tablespoon honey cups ounces bread flour large egg teaspoon salt tablespoon olive oil how much fresh baked potato should i substitute for the instant potato flakes ?  a instant potato flakes are effectively dehydrated mashed potatoes .  in general for potato flakes you mix volume flakes to water .  they increase in volume by about two and a bit times ,  and weight about six times for potato powder you mix volume powder to water .  they increase in volume by about three times ,  and weight about six times .  so roughly  .  ounces of water are required to rehydrate  .  ounces of potato flakes which gives  .  ounces of mash ,  or just less than cup of mash remember to remove the equivalent water  .  ounces from the recipe this all varies slightly depending on the supplier	find original cup water cup large general volume water increase volume times times volume water increase volume times times water required cup water	expand
1618213	q how can i fit this bottle holder to this bike ?  i want to fit this bottle holder on my bike but the attachment seems too thin for the frame tubes .  i believe this is a universal bottle holder and my bike isnt of unusual size or tube girth .  am i missing something here or this just wont fit ?  p .  s .  unlike my mountain bike ,  this bike claud butler legend does not have pre - drilled holes for accessories on the frame .  a that does not appear to be a attachment for mounting a bottle cage to a frame tube .  the two holes in the mount appear to match the two holes in the upper plate of the cage ,  which orients the mount incorrectly for clamping a frame tube .  my guess is that it's for mounting to handlebars  -  which have a standard diameter ,  unlike frame tubes .  mounts for frame tubes do exist .  they typically use two adjustable straps of some kind to accommodate different size frame tubes .  you want something with a beefy strap that can be tightened sufficiently to stop the cage r	fit bottle bike fit bottle bike frame bottle bike size tube fit bike bike frame bottle frame tube match frame tube standard frame frame kind size frame stop	expand
1627856	tibodies and memory cells .  but can people with aidshiv still be vaccinated ?  it is expected that a normal person will have antibodies to attack the minimal infection produced by the vaccine and generate memory cells ,  but without an immune system i expect vaccines to be deadly .  is that right ?  a can people with aidshiv be vaccinated ?  yes .  immunization is an important part of the overall treatment strategy for hiv positive individuals .  hiv infection is a risk factor for a number of vaccine preventable infectious diseases .  immunization in these patients is particularly important because of their increased risk of developing disease .  see cecil medicine ch can the immune system still mount a response to the vaccine ?  yes .  hiv infection does lead to a decreased immune response .  though the primary deficiency is a decrease in both cd helper t - cell count and function ,  there is ,  perhaps consequently ,  b - cell dysfunction as well .  this would suggest that vaccines are less immunog	people person system people important part treatment risk number important risk system response lead response	expand
1638471	others and the cooking method are not always the same .  these are the ingredients which usually differ from what i have seen milk yogurt water baking powder yeast eggs this recipe here does not use yogurt ,  this one here uses no baking powder or milk or yogurt ,  this one here uses no baking powder or yogurt .  i can understand substitutions and variations ,  but i would like to know how it is originally made and what the ingredients are .  also the cooking method varies .  some use a pan to fry the naans prepared ,  some use only the oven ,  and some use the oven and then are grilled at the end for a short time .  a naan traditionally is plain flat bread made using bread flour ,  yeast ,  salt and water .  its cooked in tandoor .  salt could be optional if you are having naan with a curry .  cause curry usually has salt and the bread might not need it .  variations like milk or yogurt is used instead of water to make dough soft and fluffy .  this would change the texture and flavor of the bread .  it is	method water understand made method end short time bread made bread water bread water make change bread	expand
1640608	the garlic quantity needed for the table spoons of uncooked brown rice .  what is the best way to infuse garlic flavor in the bland brown rice ?  a garlic flavors are soluble in oil ,  simply chopping up garlic and putting it in with the rice will not distribute the flavor well .  i would recommend you chop the garlic finely and then infuse into a tablespoon of oil or butter by putting the pan on very low heat for a few minutes .  then add the rice and stir to coat the grains with the infused oil before adding water and cooking as normal .  how much garlic to use depends on how strong your garlic is and how garlic - y you want it to taste .  tbsp of rice isn't much ,  for a medium garlic flavor using average strength garlic a whole small clove or half a large is probably enough .  with the garlic i grow i'd add a few slices from a clove at most .  another option would be to cook the rice and then stir in the garlic infused oil afterwards ,  the benefits to this option are that you can drain the ri	brown brown oil oil low minutes add oil water small half large add oil benefits	expand
1637298	eat success adding some of the starchy pasta water to the sauce and don't want to give that up .  the problem is that when i've salted the pasta water ,  it means adding it to my sauce brings along all that salt -  - to the point where it can be unpalatable .  so to my question are these two techniques mutually exclusive ?  or is there a way to get the salt into the pasta without getting it into the sauce ?  to prime the pump ,  i've considered a couple of options brine the pasta prior to boiling start the pasta in boiling salt - water ,  then move to fresh water use the latter in the sauce start the pasta in fresh water ,  then move to salt water use the former in the sauce boil a whole bunch of pasta say ,  ditalini ,  for the large surface area without salt for an extra - starchy water .  jar it ,  and use it in future sauces .  forget the starchy water ,  and just use ,  say ,  cornstarch .  a since cooking the pasta in salted water is essential ,  and switching to fresh water or whatever is a pita ,  i'd just	water give problem water means point start water move water start water move water large area water future water water water	expand
1640262	nue mixing until the sides of the bowl are clean and the dough is soft .  turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead for  -  minutes ,  or until the dough has stopped feeling sticky and has a smooth ,  silky exterior .  return the dough to the bowl ,  cover with cling film and set aside to prove in a warm room for at least minutes and up to one hour .  its asks for instant yeast  -  i have this yeast described as dried active baking yeast ,  suitable for hand - baking only .  is this the same thing ?  i couldn't find 'instant yeast' .  can i use this yeast in this recipe and can i use it exactly as described in the method ?  a no ,  that is just normal dried yeast .  allinson do an instant yeast they call it easy bake yeast that comes in a green container .  you can still use your dried yeast though .  use double the amount ,  and instead of adding it to the flour ,  add it to the milk which should be warmed very gently first  -  not hot ,  just 'finger warm' .  let it sit for minutes and get bub	minutes return film set room minutes hand find call easy green minutes	expand
1618310	ort on the fork i think my front wheel axle is too short ,  it is only half the size of the fork notch ,  see the picture but if i remove the nut ,  the fork would touch the wheel and the disc brake .  when i insert the quick release axle it looks like this is there something wrong ,  or it is okay ?  a it is counter - intuitive but the axle is not holding the wheel onto the bike .  that's the job of the skewer and quick release .  the axle is in the dropout to hold the weight of the bike from above  -  your photos are from below .  the axle also provides support for the surfaces where the bearings and therefore the wheel run .  so almost all the time ,  the axle is under compression forces .  personally i'd expect to see a little more metal there ,  but that part should be fully functional as - is .  possible causes its a real weight - weenie bike where every gram counts ,  or the wheel is from another bikefork which had a different thickness of dropout ,  or its just a cheap bike saving on material	short half release job release support run time part real material	expand
1642731	ng a beef wellington for the holidays and am following a recipe whose duxelle recipe is defined in a food processor ,  pulse the mushrooms until finely chopped .  then ,  finely chop thyme .  over medium heat ,  melt butter in skillet .  add mushrooms and combine with butter .  add thyme .  using a garlic crusher ,  crush garlic and add to mushroom mixture .  continue to combine over medium heat for about  -  minutes or until the mushrooms are caramelized .  once the mushrooms are caramelized ,  add a generous splash of cognac and stir to deglaze the pan .  add heavy cream and cook for several minutes or until all the moisture is gone .  you should be left with a pat - like mixture .  most of the ingredients make sense to me in their contribution to flavor andor texture but i can't seem to figure out why heavy cream would be added to the duxelle .  i thought the mushroom pt would be thick enough alone ,  so i can't imagine the heavy cream contributing to the duxelle in that respect .  a the	food heat add add add continue heat minutes add add minutes left make sense added thought	expand
1612865	racket mid sealed bearing spline speeds speed cog set odyssey t freewheel wheels size  "  rims alloy front ,  rear hubs steel ,   "  axle tires innova famp ; r  .  pedals mongoose nylon fiber brake pro rush with pipeline cable handlebar mongoose hi - ten  .  "  stem mongoose front loadmm ext .  headset  -  "  ahead brake levers rush rx hinged spokes ed black steel grips mongoose kraton saddle mongoose slim seat post  .  straight steel seat clamp alloy single bolt slim extras pair axle pegs gt slammer specifications type of frame gt freestyle design ,  steel tubes ,  dt gusset ,  american bb ,  seat stay mounted u - brake ,  gyro cable guides fork gt freestyle design ,  hi - ten  -  "  steer ,   . mm hi - ten blades ,  mmt .  dropouts crankset chainwheel forged steel one piece crank ,  mm t steel gt design bottom bracket american loose ball type cog set dnp t .  cr - mo chain kmc z rims	set size front steel ten front steel post steel single type design steel american design ten ten steel steel design american type set	expand
1632278	ekorsakoffsyndromealcohol - thiamineinteractions strong evidence suggests that ethanol interferes directly with thiamine uptake in the gastrointestinal tract .  ethanol also disrupts thiamine storage in the liver and the transformation of thiamine into its active form .  the role of alcohol consumption in the development of wks has been experimentally confirmed through studies in which rats were subjected to alcohol exposure and lower levels thiamine through a low - thiamine diet .  in particular ,  studies have demonstrated that clinical signs of the neurological problems that result from thiamine deficiency develop faster in rats that have received alcohol and were also deficient in thiamine than rats who did not receive alcohol .  in another study ,  it was found that rats that were chronically fed alcohol had significantly lower liver thiamine stores than control rats .  this provides an explanation for why alcoholics with liver cirrhosis have a	form role development studies lower studies problems result study found lower control	expand
1617621	id q how to tighten sram hrd rival brake lever ?  i have sram rival hrd brakegear shifters on my cross bike .  it's a x setup .  the left brake lever this is the uk where rear brake lever is on the left ,  so it's the rear brake lever only has lateral play .  the shifter can be wiggled a little side to side and a little forward and backward before the brake starts to engage .  i would like to stop this play ,  the right hand front brakeshifter lever has no or much less noticeable play .  firstly ,  i know the brake needs bleeding ,  and i will get this sorted but is there any way to tighten the lever ?  i see from the exploded view in the service manual that there is a pivot pin .  it doesn't appear that this can be tightened ?  is it likely that simply bleeding the system will remove someall of the play or is there something else i can do ?  a it was much improved by a service at a shop where they replaced the brake pad and bled the system .  it seems tightening the pivot pin was not	left left play side side forward play hand front play view service simply system play service system	expand
1638191	much to reduce salt when using salted butter in place of unsalted butter i normally don't keep unsalted butter on hand since i use it so seldom .  so when a recipe calls for salt and unsalted butter among its ingredients would it be alright to use salted butter and reduce the amount of salt ?  and if so ,  by how much should the salt be reduced ?  in other words ,  how much salt is typically contained in a tablespoon ,  ounce or gram of salted butter ?  a depending on brand ,  it is approximately tsp per pound us ,  or a little more than tsp per stick oz .  for most applications ,  yes it is fine to substitute and adjust ;  you can just adjust the  " salt to taste "  step of your recipe in many cases .  there are a very few uses such as yeast raised dough where you want to be more precise .  i would not use salted butter for a yeast dough by preference ,  but if i had to ,  i would calculate the amount of salt to remove from the other ingredients based on this ratio tsp salt	reduce salt butter place butter butter hand salt butter butter reduce amount salt salt words salt butter applications salt cases butter amount salt based salt	expand
1638662	removing oil bubbles from bolognese sauce i am making bolognese for dinner tonight .  in the past i have had trouble with oil in the sauce giving it a not very nice oily texture .  i tried to limit the amount of oil i used ,  but i still have oil bubbles on the surface of the sauce .  is there an easy way to remove the excess oil from the sauce ?  for the future how do i prevent the excess ?  my recipe is teaspoon garlic paste gm lean beef mince teaspoon of peanut oil handful chopped onion tin crushed tomato's one tub of tomato paste mixed herbs ,  salt and pepper to taste brown onions ,  garlic and mince add crushed tomato's ;  fill can with water add to sauce add salt ,  pepper and herbs simmer for a few hours stirring occasionally add tomato paste stir and simmer for at least mins serve with preferred pasta i eventually tried to soak up as much as possible with some paper towel .  but i hope there is a better solution .  a there is only one significant source of fat in the recipe	oil making past oil oil oil easy oil future oil add water add add hours add paper hope	expand
1639090	ld be the same .  maybe the problem is that most recipes for white chocolate from cocoa butter needed milk powder which is very expensive or egg white powder which is also expensive and i did ganache without them .  do i need an emulsifier ?  i have soy lecithin and some others modern thickeners .  i can made truffles from dark chocolate without problem .  a what you're missing is solids .  g of cream especially when you consider the high percentage of fat in cream in relation to solids is not going to be enough against g of cocoa butter .  where are you from ?  in the us ,  milk solids in the form of dried milk powder are cheap compared to cocoa butter .  many high quality white chocolate brands do not contain any kind of emulsifier ,  but all contain a significant volume of solids .  those solids are almost always milk ,  with the exception of a few specialized vegan varieties .  i'm wondering in what way you are trying to emulate dark chocolate ,  since the difference between dark chocolate and w	problem white milk white modern made dark problem high milk form milk high quality white significant milk dark dark	expand
1640234	w should i store this bbq sauce for later use ?  dropped by a video where a bbq sauce caught my attention .  the ingredients used are olive oil ,  for frying small onion ,  peeled and finely diced garlic cloves ,  finely chopped sea salt and freshly ground black pepper tbsp brown sugar tsp smoked paprika tbsp cider vinegar tsp worcestershire sauce tbsp tomato ketchup i was thinking about making larger quantities so that i can use it on sandwiches throughout the week .  two questions came up in the process is it safe to assume the sauce will be ok if refrigerated for a week ?  can i keep it in the fridge for longer ?  would it be a good idea to store such a sauce in the freezer ?  if yes ,  for how long until everything goes wrong ?  a if it's any good ,  it will be gone long before it goes bad in the refrigerator .   -  .  i've saved my homemade barbecue sauce for at least two weeks in the fridge .  store - bought barbecue sauce lasts for months .  you do need to put it in a sealed c	store small making week questions process week good store long good long store months put	expand
1634474	r my mussels too dilute ?  i made moule marinier ,  which were ok ,  but the 'sauce' that was left when they were cooked was more dilute than i would have liked .  i cooked them in ml white wine sauteed onions and garlic thyme and added parsley at the end .  there seemed to be significantly more liquid at the end of cooking than i started with .  is this normal ?  why was this ?  is it residual water in the mussels ?  how can i avoid this in the future ?  a yes ,  the additional liquid came from the mussels and is going to enhance the flavor of your finished dish .  all you need to do is remove the mussels to a bowl ,  cover lightly to keep them warm ,  and then turn the heat up to high on your pan and reduce the liquid until it's concentrated before whisking in your butter .  i presume you added butter even though you didn't list it above ?  if not .  .  . finish it by whisking in softened not too soft ,  but slightly butter known as  " mounting with butter "  monte au beurre which will emulsi	made left white added end end water future cover high added list	expand
1635177	nd rice i was thinking about doing a baked dish with chicen and rice covered with a can of cream of mushroom soup .  i'd like some advice .  i was just planning on kinda winging it by cooking some rice ,  putting it in a casserole dish ,  placing some chicken breast on top ,  then covering it with the soup and baking until chicken is done .  maybe put some bread crumbs on top so they get nice and brown .  any tips before i try it out ?  a a couple of tips when you cook the rice ,  make sure it's not too soggy ,  or it won't absorb the flavour of the chicken and soup .  make sure to liquefy the soup before pouring it over top or it will glop more than pour  -  especially if you don't plan to mix it with water or milk .  put it in a bowl and mash it until it's liquid enough to pour .  probably obvious for safety ,  make sure to fully cook the dish especially the chicken before taste - testing !  you could also try a ready - to - serve non - condensed soup .  this usually isn't as gelatinous as condensed sou	advice planning top put top tips tips make make top plan water put safety make fully	expand
1641543	ke to make a  " thai beef with carrot - basil salad "  recipe .  the sauce for the ground beef includes the following ingredients tablespoons lime juice teaspoons sugar teaspoon salt teaspoons minced garlic teaspoon crushed red pepper cup clam juice tablespoons soy sauce is there something i can use instead of clam juice that will have a similar flavor andor consistency contribution to the recipe ?  i'm cooking for somebody who doesn't eat shellfish .  a fish sauce !  i think the clam juice is probably already a substitute for fish sauce anyway ,  so it should make a very good substitute .  if you look up recipes for thai beef salad you'll find tons of things with fish sauce ,  and probably not much with clam juice .  you probably want to use less ,  though ,  maybe starting with  -  tablespoons ,  though i've seen recipes using more .  it should be fine for the dietary restriction too ;  it's just made with anchovies ,  not an unknown blend of seafood ,  but of course check the label ju	make includes red similar fish fish make good find things fish made check	expand
1637667	e ?  did i not get the eggs warm enough before adding to the boiling milk ?  did i boil for too long or too short a time ?  are there any other potential culprits i'm not considering .  a i think it all got too hot ,  but there might be other problems .  did you mix the cornstarch in completely ?  leaving undissolved cornstarch is a sure way to obtain 'blobs' .  did you pour the hot milk onto the egg - mixture ?  you should do that very slowly and whisk vigorously while trying to splash everything .  if the eggs get too hot ,  they will coagulate .  did you use a double boiler ?  putting the pan on an open flame will make the bottom too hot and the eggs will coagulate .  even if you did use a double boiler ,  did you whisk regularly while heating ?  the eggs at the bottom will become far warmer than the eggs in the center .  .  .  as rumtscho mentioned ,  a thermometer will be useful for monitoring the done - ness of the custard .  generally ,  a fully cooked custard should not exceed c ;  it begins setting at c . 	eggs long short time potential hot problems hot eggs hot double open make hot eggs double eggs eggs	expand
1641933	ping and a bite of saltiness .  i'm reformatting the quote below to show the different layers more obviously .  in the bottom of a by  - inch deep - dish baking dish add a couple ladlefuls of sauce and spread out in an even layer .  arrange a layer of the lasagna noodles to completely cover the sauce .  spread of the ricotta mixture over the pasta .  place a layer of pasta going in the other direction as the first layer this will give a little more stability .  spread a light layer of sauce on the pasta and sprinkle of the sausage over the sauce ,  spread a light layer of sauce on the sausage and sprinkle of the mushrooms and zucchini .  sprinkle a layer of mozzarella and some of the remaining parmigiano - reggiano over the veggies .  repeat these layers until all the ingredients have been used up or the pan is full .  be sure that there is a layer of pasta on top covered with sauce and sprinkled with mozzarella and parmigiano .  cover with foil .  so , 	show add spread layer layer cover spread place layer layer give spread light layer spread light layer layer full layer top cover	expand
1618060	d q what are these eyelets for on my diverge ?  i just learned a bit about specialized's  " plug and play fender "  that apparently fits my bike by way of metal rod into the leftmost hole of the first photo ,  secured by the set screw in the second photo .  this made me insatiably curious as to what the other threaded hole is for .  the marketing materials i read before buying the diverge said that only the aluminum model had eyelets for a rack ,  and in this carbon model there's no eyelet at the top of the seat stays for a rack  -  just that one lower eyelet .  it does not appear to be  -  thread ,  for what it's worth .  what could it be for ?  a the smaller hole is for specialized's proprietary  " plug and play "  fenders ,  while the larger is for a rear rack .  the larger hole can also be used as an alternate mounting point for other types of fenders .  for a rear rack on the carbon frame diverge ,  it is intended you use the specialized rear rack seat collar second picture ,  whic	bit play set made materials read model model top play larger larger point	expand
1615488	ead .  here's the instruction pdf that they provide .  the instructions provided are as follows .  remove the dust cap from the tire valve .  for presta valves ,  unscrew locking nut at the end of the valve .  wipe off any mud or dirt from the outside surface of the valve stem ;  this ensures the pump's clever head will work properly .  also ,  release some air from the tube by pressing the air release tip on the valve to clean its inner parts .  press the clever head on to the presta or schrader valve stem as far as it will go and open the thumb lever to the locked position .  the pressure gauge has a red arrow on the bezel that you can rotate to the desired pressure for easier reading .  infate your tire by lifting the pump handle up and pressing down .  do not over pressurize tire ;  see side wall of tire for maximum pressure value .  use the pressure release valve to lower and adjust tire pressure .  move the thumb lever to the unlocked position and remove the clever head from the valve stem .  f	provide provided end head work release air air release head open position pressure pressure pressure pressure release pressure position head	expand
1642414	but broth recipes often omit salt and pepper or in some instances require only a small amount .  my question is this when a recipe ,  let's say risotto for example ,  calls for broth ,  should i season the broth with salt and pepper before ladling it into my risotto ?  or should i leave it unseasoned and just season the risotto ?  or both ?  or does it depend on the recipe ?  a old question ,  but anyway .  .  .  i hope it is useful to someone my understanding is that the flavors of meat and vegetables pass better to unsalted water .  so ,  if you are keeping only the broth ,  it is better not to salt it .  if you are eating some of the vegetables ,  meat or fish and you don't salt the water ,  they will be tasteless .  on another hand ,  if you salt the broth ,  later is difficult to know how much salt contains your recipe .  when i cook ,  i estimate the serves that i am getting and i use a level teaspoon salt every two serves .  so ,  i never salt the broth broth .  i make the broth and i freeze it in portions .  when i use	salt small question season salt season question hope understanding water salt salt water hand salt salt level salt salt make	expand
1640269	n .  no one likes an overcooked noodle !  drain noodles and combine them with the cottage cheese and sour cream .  spray a x baking dish with cooking spray and put the noodle mixture in the bottom .  top with reserved meat sauce .  cover with cheese and bake for minutes or until bubble and cheese is melted .  you can broil the top for a minute or if you want the cheese to brown .  remove from oven and serve !  a personally i'd suggest blanching your pasta .  by blanching i mean get a big pan of heavily salted water on a rolling boil .  drop your pasta into the water ,  give it a stir .  after min or when the water has come back to boil drain the pasta off .  at this point your pasta will still be el' dante but not raw which is what i suspect the directions are suggesting when they say  "  min less than instructed "  then just use it at the mixing with sour cream step .  if you were to just use the pasta freshly made it will likely not have the texture desired .  boiling it will help moisten it up a	put top cover minutes top big water water give water back point made	expand
1636002	ar the results were a bit disappointing .  does anyone have an idea what these sauces are called or how they are made ?  a the sauces are called chutney plural chutneys .  the green one ,  called hari chutney in hindi ,  is generally made with a mixture of coriander cilantro leaves and mint leaves .  hari means green in hindi .  the leaves i have used them in a coriandermint ratio are ground to a fine paste along with a tbsp of sugar ,  a pinch of salt ,  and about tbsp of lime juice to prevent oxidation of the ground greens and to provide a tangy taste .  some variations of this may add ginger for flavor or peanuts as a thickening agent to the mixture .  the red chutney ,  called imli chutney in hindi ,  is very often made with the juice of tamarind imli in hindi .  tamarind is soaked in water ,  strained and mixed with sugar ,  rock salt ,  toasted and ground cumin ,  dry powdered ginger ,  and powdered pepper .  rock salt and dry ginger give this chutney its distinct taste .  very often restaurant	results called made called green called made means green ground ground provide add called made water ground give	expand
1627656	r answer type diabetes is caused by damage to the pancreas and depends on environmental and genetic causes ,  most often leading to autoimmune loss of the insulin - producing beta cells in the pancreas .  type diabetes occurs because insulin levels themselves are low .  it commonly begins in childhood ,  and is also sometimes referred to as  " juvenile diabetes "  although it lasts life - long .  type diabetics often take insulin to replace the insulin they are not producing .  type diabetes ,  by contrast ,  is caused by reduced insulin sensitivity and develops over time lack of insulin can also eventually occur .  obesity and other lifestyle factors are strong influences on the development of type diabetes ,  though genetics can also play a role .  type diabetes is most often diagnosed in adults and is also referred to as adult - onset diabetes ,  though it is also possible to occur in children ,  increases with age ,  and is overall more prevalent than type diabetes ,  so this is likely where your comm	type diabetes type diabetes diabetes life long type type diabetes time development type diabetes play role type diabetes diabetes children age type diabetes	expand
1615100	from the bicycle ?  does this ebay item fit ?  a it's hard to tell whether your crank is a classical design or something new and weird .  for the classical design you use a  " crank puller "  .  or these look sort of like what you show ,  but you notice the  " barrel "  is threaded .  you remove the bolt holding the crank on using a standard  " allen "  hex wrench and then thread in the outer barrel of the puller ,  into the female threads surrounding the bolt head .  turning the arm or using a wrench on the inner part then  " pulls "  the crank off .  some cranks are  " self pulling "  .  you leave in place the dust cover over the bolt ,  insert an allen wrench into the hole in the dust cover ,  then unscrew the bolt against the dust cover .  if your crank is not the  " classical "  style then you will need whatever specific tools the manufacturer calls for .  once the crank is off ,  of course ,  you may want to remove the  " bottom bracket "  cartridge .  there are about different wrenches for this ,  for different style	hard design design show standard head part place cover cover cover style specific style	expand
1613623	q what kind of tail lights can i attach to the rear of my rack ?  every taillight i've owned has mounted to the seat post ,  but when i load my rear rack the seatpost light is no longer visible .  instead ,  i'd like to mount a light to the rear of my rack ,  which has a single centered screw hole for mounting a light .  what kinds of lights can i mount with this kind of setup ?  are there lights specifically designed to be mounted on the back of a rack with a single screw ?  the best picture i can find is below a i recently bought a new rack specifically because my old rack had no good spot to attach a light to .  well ,  that ,  and it has a broken weld causing it to rattle .  the rack i bought is this one .  i got the bontrager flare  ,  which easily attached to the rack with a single bolt .  the light has modes ,  which are steady ,  strobe ,  and random .  random works well if you're riding in a group as the light can be too bright otherwise with all the leds on at the same time .  also ,  check	kind post light light single light kind back single find good light single light works group light time	expand
1621746	ents like amphetamine and methylphenidate ,  although the pharmacologic profile is not identical to that of sympathomimetic amines .   .  .  .  modafinil - induced wakefulness can be attenuated by the  - adrenergic receptor antagonist prazosin ;  however ,  modafinil is inactive in other in vitro assay systems known to be responsive to  - adrenergic agonists ,  such as the rat vas deferens preparation .   .  .  .  modafinil is not a direct -  or indirect - acting dopamine receptor agonist .  however ,  in vitro ,  modafinil binds to the dopamine transporter and inhibits dopamine reuptake .  this activity has been associated in vivo with increased extracellular dopamine levels in some brain regions of animals  .  a study has concluded that recent evidence suggests that modafinil may block the dopamine transporter dat and that the dopamine d receptor dr may contribute to modafinil effects  .  another one confirms modafinil's dopaminergic activity these findings indicate that modafinil has a long	systems direct activity levels study recent evidence dr effects activity long	expand
1636689	tems with different cook times and temperatures ?  for dinner this evening we are cooking a roast beef and intend to serve a baked brie appetizer .  unfortunately ,  we only have one oven .  to reach medium rare the roast needs hours at deg ;  while the brie needs to be cooked at deg ;  for minutes .  is there a way to cook both of these items in the oven at the same time ?  is it a matter of adjusting the length of time the brie needs to be in the oven ?  a i would cook the brie at that same temperature for  -  minutes and it should be okay .  alternatively ,  you could cook the roast fully ,  remove it from the oven ,  tent it with foil and then cook the brie .  the meat can rest while the brie is cooking and being eaten .  prior to slicing the roast ,  heat up the pan drippings to a sizzling temp and baste to ensure a crispy crust .  but if the appetizer course happens to last for  -  minutes ,  then the roast will have been resting for  -  minutes and could lose too much internal heat . 	cook times evening hours minutes cook items time time cook minutes cook fully cook heat ensure minutes minutes heat	expand
1639170	ep or small  -  - inch diameter hog casings pound lean pork ,  cubed pound lean beef ,  cubed pound pork fat ,  cubed cup very finely minced onion small clove garlic ,  finely chopped teaspoon finely ground coriander teaspoon dried marjoram teaspoon ground mace teaspoon ground mustard seed teaspoon sweet paprika teaspoon freshly fine ground white pepper egg white  -  teaspoons sugar teaspoon salt ,  or to taste cup milk i have nutmeg in powdered form ,  is that an acceptable substitution and if so do i need to make any adjustments to the recipe ?  would prefer the answer generalized a ratio of nutmeg for needed mace for other recipes .  a the flavors are very similar they are different parts of the fruit of the same tree ,  nutmeg being the nut itself ,  and mace being a covering that grows around the shell ,  although nutmeg tends to be slightly stronger and more forward .  in a complicated hot dog recipe ,  i imagine that the substitution should work well , 	small cup small ground ground ground ground white white cup form make needed similar forward work	expand
1620814	ater than that of each cell unless the organism is unicellular .  how do you account for the presence of more variation among of proteins than there are in genes ?  the simple answer would be  " there are more proteins than genes "  ,  but i'm more interested in why .  is it sufficient to say that during gene expression a single gene codes for multiple proteins alternative splicing and ribosomes translating mrna to polypeptide chains posttranslational modification ?  could someone expand more on this ?  a there are several concepts to understand alternative splicing from one gene ,  several proteins can be constructed depending on which introns are spliced .  tissue - specific genetic expression genes are differentially expressed and differentially spliced depending on the tissue .  post - transcriptional modifications those are modifications that are made directly on the proteins in opposition with alternative splicing which are modifications made on the rna structure of the protei	account simple answer interested single alternative understand alternative specific post made alternative made	expand
1618660	r without clamping to the seat tube because it's a weird shape ,  or made from a material that one cannot safely clamp too ?  to my knowledge there are clamp on derailer that expect a seat tube that is circular in cross section and braze on derailers that expect a brazed on fitting on the seat tube .  finally there are derailers that are clamped on by the right hand bottom bracket cupring ,  but as far as i can tell they also require an additional fastening method on the seat tube to prevent them from rotating around the bottom bracket .  i think these are sometimes called e - type or bottom bracket derailers .  a 'e type' is a front derailleur attachment standard .  some frames provide an e type mounting point directly ,  some require a 'back plate' that provides the mount point that is clamped by the bb cup .  as far as i can tell ,  some back plates are clamped by the cup and have no other provision to prevent rotation .  there is not very much fore or aft force on the derailleur so presumably t	made knowledge section hand require called type provide type point require point back	expand
1621556	o your bloodstream by the ovaries and adrenal glands .  sex hormones are involved in the growth ,  maintenance ,  and repair of reproductive tissues  .  the serum testosterone level in women with no acne ,  hirsutism ,  or menstrual dysfunction is  .   -   .  ngdl nanograms per decilitre  .  an average adult man has  -  ,  ngdl serum testosterone  .  men have female sex hormones too .  for a prepubescent male ,  estrogen levels are expected to be between and  .  ngdl .  during puberty ,  normal levels fall between  .  and  .  ngdl .  levels for an adult male should be between  .  and ngdl  .  references webmd ,  llc .  normal testosterone and estrogen levels in women .  ayala c ,  steinberger e ,  smith kd ,  rodriguez - rigau lj ,  petak sm .  serum testosterone levels and reference ranges in reproductive - age women .  alexia severson .  testosterone levels by age .  healthline networks ,  inc .  wisegeek . com .  what are normal estrogen levels in men ?  measurements cited in picograms per millilitre ,  converte	involved growth level women adult man men levels normal levels levels adult normal levels women levels age women levels age normal levels men	expand
1636752	paste from ground chickpeas ?  i make hummus quite often ,  and use my food processor to chop the chickpeas .  this yields a sort of coarse paste ,  which is a little better if i peel the chickpeas first .  adding liquid to the mixture doesn't seem to help much ,  but only leads to watered down hummus .  i would like to get a much smoother paste ,  that resembles restaurant hummus more closely .  how can this smoother paste be achieved ?  a you cannot make good hummus from canned chickpeas ,  you should make it from fresh dried beans the beans need plenty of soaking and rinsing when cooking ,  add one tsp of baking soda per cup of beans .  baking soda chemically softens the bean proteins .  never add salt or other flavourings during the bean cooking stage traditional hummus is somewhat coarse ,  but very soft due to baking soda .  it is made with a minimal amount of olive oil ,  but drizzled with olive oil and a sprinkle of cooked ,  and still warm chick peas when served restaurant hummus is often just	ground make food make good make add add stage due made amount oil oil	expand
1620524	ally are classified in superfamilies and families acording with its inner structure mainly its domain organization .  domains are parts of the protein with its own d structure that usually have their own function and acts more or less in an independent manner .  however ,  this doesn't talk very much about their complexity .  myoglobin and hemoglobin ,  for instance ,  are very related proteins and thus are classified in the same family .  however ,  hemoglobin forms tetramers ,  while myoglobin is a single molecule .  it's not unheard that very close - related proteins may differ in their association with other proteins ,  polymeration pattern ,  addition of new domains ,  etc .  very similar poteins may have very different functions ,  i . e .  catalyzing similar reaction in opposite directions or in very different pathways ,  or acting in different parts of the cell or the organism .  in biology ,  it is desirable for any classification to be based in evolutionary criteria ,  since not only it is a more neutral and unbi	structure parts structure related family single close related association addition similar similar parts based	expand
1637905	q what type of milk is used together with whole grain cereal ?  currently ,  i am using condensed milk together with whole grain cereal .  so ,  i was wondering if it is possible to use other type of milk  -  such as low - fat milk powder and cook it together with whole grain cereal ?  please note that i have not heard of people using milk powder and cook together with whole grain cereal and so was wondering if there are people out there using milk powder together with whole grain cereal and cook together .  a yes ,  every morning when bacon is not on the menu one cup of whole grain cereal muesli rolled oats ,  flax seed ,  sunflower seed ,  brazil nuts ,  walnuts ,  almonds ,  and some dried fruits for extra flavour ,  all finely dices in food processor one generous table spoon of whole milk powder new zealand grass feed cows please water to cover nukulate for minutes on high stir and let stand for a minute or two enjoy !  use microwave oven if you don't have your own thermonuclea	type milk milk type milk low milk note people milk people milk food milk water cover minutes high	expand
1634128	soda to tenderize the meat .  how should one use baking soda to tenderize meat ?  and can the technique be applied to other tough meats like chicken or pork ?  a add the baking soda to the cut meat and then wash it off .  measure about a teaspoon in your palm and then sprinkle it over the thinly sliced meat from high up .  this way you get a thin layer over all the meat .  wash after some time you can do it overnight .  there is an ehow that you may follow the baking soda will work like other meat tenderizers ,  by denaturing the proteins on the surface of the meat ,  so it should work on pork or chicken as long as the baking soda is on the meat and not the skin or fat .  the tenderizers penetrate the meat very slowly ,  millimeters per day at refrigerator temperatures ,  faster at cooking temperatures ,  so in practice it will only work on thin slices .  if you use thicker pieces ,  you will still change the meat's surface texture .  if you use the baking soda straight into the dish in the same propo	meat meat add meat meat high meat time work meat surface meat work long meat meat day practice work change surface	expand
1613344	panniers made from waxed canvas ,  duck cloth ,  or other non - synthetic material ?  i've found only one httpwww . acornbags . com that seems to have completely matching sets that meet my requirements .  are there other companies ?  i've checked out velo orange but their offerings are poorly matched as they have  -  different brands which don't look great together and no larger saddle bags that match the one rando bag they offer .  zimbale bags looked promising ,  except their front rack bag doesn't have a map pocket and opens away from the rider .  .  .  i do have front and rear racks with a platform ,  i'd prefer not to have to rely on having the rear rack installed unless i plan on touring .  so ,  i'd prefer that the saddle bag be seatseatpost attached only .  a gilles berthoud and acorn bags were the only matching sets i found that met the requirements of having both a rack mount frontbag and a rear seat only rear bag made from matching material .  update swift polaris bags can be paired with t	made material found meet requirements companies great offer front front plan found requirements made material	expand
1627568	there are multiple pathways .  they also presume only one substrate ,  so multi - susbtrate reactions need to have the kinetics modified as such .  for that the mechanism are ping - pong ,  ternary -  ordered and random ,  all of which impact on the kinetics . if the concentration of the intermediate complex is presumed not to change with time ,  then another model is the briggs - haldane model ,  known as quasi - steady state kinetics .  then there are the kinetic models for inhibition .  of which the michaelis menten ,  where the kinetics vary according to how the inhibitors binds .  but as is seen with the above mao paper ,  can vary depending on the pathways and binding affinities .  if an enzyme is irreversible then the kinetics also differ mcdonald ,  a .  g .  amp ;  dublin ,  t .  c .  enzymes irreversible inhibition .   .  doi .  . a . pub .  it is also worth noting ,  it is better to use non - linear regression to analyze kinetics as linearizing the data can lead to calculation errors desp	impact complex change time model model state paper worth data lead	expand
1640640	ked ?  all the recipes i'm finding are for pies where you put the layer of thinly rolled almond paste on the pie shell ,  add the filling and then bake .  i'm wanting to blind bake my pie shell ,  lay down the almond paste ,  add pastry cream and top with fresh strawberries .  would this be a problem ?  a almond paste is a finished product .  it can be eaten without cooking .  in fact ,  one of my favorite tart recipes is julia child's  " pear and almond tart "  from her mastering the art of french cooking .  the four parts of the tart crust ,  almond filling ,  poached pears and currant glaze are cooked separately and it is assembled without being baked afterwards .  it uses a  " frangipane "  that cooks the eggs rather than leaving them raw as many almond pastes do .  i don't have a copy of the book to confirm but this looks like the correct version of the recipe .  cup almonds large egg large egg yolk cups sugar cup flour cup whole milk tbs butter tsp vanilla extrac	put add add top problem fact art book version cup large large cup cup	expand
1611894	oz .  lemonlime soda in a highball glass half - filled with ice ,  add orange liqueur ,  lime juice and red wine .  swirl gently to mix and then add soda .  garnish with orange wedge or lime twist .  serves one .  the rumbling red horse ml fresh lemon juice ml red wine tall horse merlot or cabernet lemonade to your liking teaspoon superfine sugar add sugar ,  lemon juice to you preferred glass and muddle until sugar dissolves .  add ice ,  wine and the lemonade to fill .  garnish with lemon slice or cherry .  kir and kir royale crme de cassis to chilled dry white wine or chilled dry champagne for royale add the room - temperature crme de cassis to the glass first ,  followed by the wine otherwise ,  they do not mix very well or uniformly .  pretty in pink wine cocktail oz gallo family pink moscato oz cherry brandy cup chopped ,  pitted cherries  -  strawberries ,  hulled and sliced plus more for garnish stems of fresh mint leaves add the cherries to the bottom of an	glass half add red wine add red fresh red wine add glass add wine de white wine add room de glass wine wine family fresh add	expand
1619240	q is there a binding affinity metric for interactions not in equilibria ?  i am investigating the strength of binding of a small peptide to a protein by isolating the bound version and subjecting it to collisions with gas molecules cid mass spectrometry to dissociate the complex .  when i plot the collision energy against the proportion of bound and unbound proteins i get a curve that looks like a kd curve .  however ,  as the interaction isn't in equilibria i . e .  it is in the gas phase calculating the kd value wouldn't be correct .  so is there another value i could calculate to describe the strength of the interaction ?  a bobthejoe was pointing in the right direction kcat and km  -  michaelis menton parameters are measured to look at the relative rates of an enzyme in non equilibrium state .  basically kcat is 'how fast does the enzyme work with little or no product in solution' .  km is 'how strongly does the enzyme bind the substrates that it uses .  httpwww . pearsonhighered . c	strength small version gas complex energy gas strength rates state work product	expand
1634621	a plantain increases as it ripens .  green plantains are very starchy and hard .  you must cook them to eat them .  they can be used much like a potato think chopped amp ;  put in soups or mashed as a side dish .  fried green plantains are referred to as  " tostones .  "  yellow plantains still require cooking ,  but they are sweet unlike green plantains .  these work pretty well for frying and steaming .  black super - ripe plantains do not have to be cooked ;  they can be eaten raw .  they have soft flesh and a scent like a banana ,  though still not as sweet as typical bananas .  when these super - ripe plantains are fried ,  they are referred to as  " platanos maduros "  ripe plantains or  " platanos fritos "  fried plantains .  regarding use by different cultures trinidad and tobago ,  honduras and jamaica the plantain is either simply fried ,  boiled or added to a soup .  kerala ripe plantain is steamed and is a popular breakfast dish .  ghana boiled plantain is eaten with kontomire stew ,  cabbage stew	green hard put side green require green work black simply added popular	expand
1638159	e .  a yes ,  is possible ,  and not uncommon .  you may wish to dock it to prevent excessive rising .  some pastries are made with puff pastry that is already baked separately ,  such as the famous napolean or mille - feuille  .  for example ,  in this recipe which uses commercial puff pastry ,  the instructions are preheat oven to fc .  line baking sheets with parchment paper or plain brown paper ;  set aside .  unfold puff pastry sheet and trim edges to a  - inch square .  cut pastry into nine  - inch squares .  transfer pastry squares to the prepared baking sheets ;  prick pastry .  bake in a preheated oven for  -  minutes ,  or until golden .  or bake according to package directions .  carefully remove pastries from baking sheet .  cool on a rack .  i cannot endorse the plain brown paper idea ,  but the method is fairly standard .  here is another example ,  from king arthur flour ,  of croissants du patisserie ,  which is essentially puff pastry baked as a croissant as opposed to crois	made commercial line paper brown paper set minutes brown paper idea standard king	expand
1633294	ies the neuron's output voltage is dependent on the strength of the stimulus ,  if that stimulus is applied and removed without any further stimuli .  if there is another stimulus that follows the first ,  then the magnitude of the voltage is reduced by a factor dependent on the time between the two stimuli ,  even if the strength of the two stimuli is the same .  i know approximately the function that governs this reduction in magnitude as a function of time between stimuli .  is the hodgkin - huxley model sufficient to model the behaviour of this neuron ?  is there another model that is more appropriate ?  a the hodgkin - huxley model does have the ability to accurately reflect adaptation processes in a neuron e . g .  ,  awiszus ,   ;  a perfect integrator model is also suitable goldman et al .  ,   ;  a leaky integrator model is often used to model spiking behavior as well mihalas amp ;  niebur ,   .  references  -  awiszus ,  biol cybern  ;   -   -   -  goldman et al .  ,  new encyco	strength time strength function function time model model behaviour model model ability processes perfect model suitable al model model al	expand
1603264	wy ktor ndb rwy torrington ,  wy ktpf ndb rwy tampa ,  fl ktqh ndb rwy tahlequah ,  ok ktqk ndb rwy scott city ,  ks ktrl ndb rwy terrell ,  tx ktrx ndb rwy trenton ,  mo ktrx ndb rwy trenton ,  mo kttd ndb - a portland ,  or kttn ndb rwy trenton ,  nj ktup ndb rwy tupelo ,  ms ktvc ndb rwy traverse city ,  mi ktvf ndb rwy thief river falls ,  mn ktvi ndb rwy thomasville ,  ga ktwf ndb rwy twin falls ,  id ktzr ndb rwy columbus ,  oh kucp ndb rwy new castle ,  pa kudg ndb rwy darlington ,  sc kuin ndb rwy quincy ,  il kukl ndb rwy burlington ,  ks kuls ndb rwy ulysses ,  ks kump ndb rwy indianapolis ,  in kuni ndb rwy athensalbany ,  oh kunu ndb rwy juneau ,  wi kunu ndb rwy juneau ,  wi kuts ndb rwy huntsville ,  tx kuuv ndb rwy sullivan ,  mo kuva ndb rwy uvalde ,  tx kuwl ndb rwy new castle ,  in kuwl ndb rwy new castle ,  in kvhn ndb rwy van horn ,  tx kviq ndb	scott city ms city river falls twin falls id castle pa castle castle van	expand
1627458	cl gating  " attached "  ?  i'm attempting to model the mechanosensitive channels of large conductance mscl in e .  coli for finite element analysis purposes .  i have a number of papers where this has been done ,  and one shows the modelling with van der waals forces as seems logical ,  but is it known howwhere these forces exist ?  for references ,  two papers i'm using have videos and pictures httpjournals . plos . orgplosonearticle ? id . journal . pone . sec see the movies s amp ;  s httpswww . cell . comactionshowfulltextimages ? piis -  -  a it is the combination of intra -  and inter - molecular interactions that determines the conformation of the protein .  there are two types of interactions bonded and non - bonded .  there are two types of non - bonded interactions electrostatic and non - electrostatic .  electrostatic also known as 'polar' interactions are usually modeled using coulombic potential energy equation ;  non - electrostatic also known as 'non - p	model large analysis number papers shows forces forces papers types types potential energy	expand
1619701	s than of breast cancers .  this raises the question why do most breast cancers occur in women ?  two plausible explanations i can think of a male is less likely to get breast cancer for anatomical reasons such as a smaller quantity of breast tissue ,  or breast tissue that is less susceptible to cancer ,  women have higher significantly levels of estrogen ,  which is linked to mutations that cause breast cancer see cavalieria et al .   .  although ,  i have no evidence to suggest that either of these is predominant factor .  a yes ,  this is mostly about estrogen .  most breast cancers rely on endogenous estrogen to sustain proliferation .  some general reading cancer medicine ,  chapter more in - depth reading endogenous hormones as a major factor in human cancer requested summary of mentioned readings first of all ,  there is an established link between breast cancer cell proliferation and concentration of estrogens and progesterone ,  which is logical ,  because normal breast cells	breast breast women breast cancer breast breast cancer women higher levels breast cancer breast general reading cancer reading major human cancer link breast cancer breast	expand
1642709	reshly ground black pepper fresh cilantro leaves ,  for serving optional jasmine rice ,  for serving add the cumin ,  mustard ,  and fennel seeds to a small saut pan ,  and place on the stove over low heat .  toast the seeds ,  using a wooden spoon to stir frequently ,  until fragrant ,  to minutes .  add the toasted spices ,  lentils ,  water ,  tomatoes ,  onion ,  ginger ,  turmeric ,  salt ,  and pepper in the bowl of a  - quart slow cooker .  stir together .  cover the slow cooker with the lid ,  then set to low and cook for to hours ,  or high and cook for to hours ,  until most of the liquid has been absorbed and the lentils are soft .  stir before serving .  a in dal recipes i have made ,  the lentils and tempering are cooked separately ,  then combined later .  they generally begin by toasting spices careful ,  mustard pops ,  but that is what you want ,  then caramelizing thinly sliced onion in the spices .  this brings out the sweetness of the onion ,  which can offset the bitterness of some of the spices .  once the	add small place low minutes add water set low hours high hours made	expand
1621232	s being conserved example  " the mitogen - activated protein kinase mapk cascades are ubiquitous in eukaryotic signal transduction ,  and these pathways are conserved in cells from yeast to mammals "  example  " the hippo signaling pathway appears to be highly conserved .  "  what does it mean for a pathway to be conserved ?  a a conserved pathway is a pathway that exists in a variety of species ,  by virtue of that pathway being conserved throughout the evolution of those species .  a pathway must by neccessity have appeared for the first time in one particular species .  if that species gives rise to new species ,  but the pathway in question is identical or very similar in all the new species ,  it is sensible to say that pathway has been evolutionary conserved .  this may imply that the pathway in its conserved form is important for the fitness of those species .  for some examples ,  here is a page on evolutionary conserved pathways in drosophila httpwww . sdbonline . orgsitesflyaimainaadevinx . h	highly variety species species time species species species question similar species form important species examples page	expand
1623531	has gone haywire ,  and help against diabetes  -  thereby rendering a suitable amount of stress useful .  a short answer stress is not a good candidate to treat autoimmune disease like diabetes type i .  background stress indeed weakens the immune system ,  and diabetes type i is indeed caused by an auto - immune response against the insulin - producing beta cells in the islets of langerhans .  however ,  autoimmune diseases like diabetes type i need chronic treatment i . e .  ,  insulin treatment and dietary changes .  even if stress would help reduce diabetes type i admittedly ,  theoretically it could ,  chronic stress would also reduce the immune response against viral and bacterial infections ,  it would reduce wound healing and perhaps even increase the risk of contracting cancer glaser amp ;  kiecolt - glaser  ,  as well as increase the risk of depression and cardiovascular disease cohen et al .  ,   .  hence ,  it is safe to say that deploying chronic stress as a treatment against auto - immune dise	stress stress good disease type stress system type response type treatment treatment stress reduce type stress reduce response reduce increase risk increase risk disease stress treatment	expand
1605808	n at hypersonic speeds ?  why can't we just extend linear supersonic theory beyond m  ?  i've looked at nasa papers discussing everything from geometric effects ,  air disassociation ,  and thermal coupling ,  but no clear and concise explanation as to why we can't just extend linear airfoil theory beyond m  .  a the linear theory makes certain assumptions in its formulation the flow is irrotational and isentropic .  the perturbations are small ;  i . e .  the bodies are small at small angles of attack .  however ,  hypersonic flow violates these assumptions for a body in hypersonic flow blunt body with detached bow shock ,  an entropy gradient is developed that varies along the distance of the body .  it results in an entropy layer that persists all along the body .  in a hypersonic flow ,  the viscous boundary layer interacts with the shock and entropy layer and the kinetic energy of the flow is dissipated by the effect of friction within the boundary layer .  due to these viscous effects ,  the	theory effects clear theory theory makes flow small small small flow body flow body body results body flow energy flow due effects	expand
1626208	rminus to n terminus direction .  but we don't do so because that is not the conventional direction of the polypeptide's biosynthesis .  tracing the roots to know why there is no  " reverse "  peptide bond nh - co ,  we first need to know how peptide bonds are formed in polypeptides .  polypeptides are formed in ribosome ,  and the process of formation of peptide bond occurs in the peptidyl transferase complex of ribosome .  since ribosome is a ribozyme ,  this reaction is also catalyzed by the catalytic sites of rna i . e .  ' - oh instead of proteins .  see the image below for the mechanism from marina v .  rodina as visible from the diagram ,  nitrogen in  - nh from acceptor trna a site attacks the ester linkage at the peptidyl trna site .  carboxylic carbon cannot attack the nitrogen for  " reverse "  bond formation because it is already in ester linkage .  one might ask then  " if the nitrogen was joined to trna at p - site ,  the carboxylic carbon could have attacked on amino acid at a - site .  why is amin	direction direction bond formed formed process bond complex sites image site site carbon bond joined site carbon site	expand
1638165	an electric mixer or use a paddle attachment on a stand mixer on medium speed until well combined .  add the ground almonds and beat on low until combined .  beat egg whites in another large bowl with the electric mixer use clean beaters on a hand - held mixer or the whisk attachment on a stand mixer on medium speed until very foamy ,  white and doubled in volume ,  but not stiff enough to hold peaks ,  to minutes depending on the type of mixer .  using a rubber spatula ,  gently fold the egg whites into the nut mixture until just combined .  scrape the batter into the prepared pan .  bake the cake until golden brown and a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean ,  about minutes .  i know a friend who is allergic to baking soda and baking powder .  what will happen if this recipe is made without baking soda ?  will it collapse although i had beaten the egg whites ?  aren't they responsible for making the cake rise ?  a honey is acidic with a ph of  .  -  that's mo	speed add low large hand held speed minutes type minutes made making	expand
1618567	other the inner circumference of the rim .  the latter has drilled holes for spokes and nipples .  the former has wider holes to access the spokes .  purpose of the rim tape is to prevent the inner tube from expanding into these holes .  the rim tape has to be quite strong to prevent this under pressure .  the tape should also cover the whole width of the rim bed .  this keeps it from sliding .  if the inner tube expands into the holes it may burst .  either for being over - strained or by rubbing at a burr from drilling .  some rims have only one chamber .  this was especially common in the days of steel rims .  here the inner tube may be protected by a soft strip of rubber from chafing at nipples .  if a rim has no spoke holes you do not require rim tape to cover the holes .  however ,  it provides an insulating layer to protect the inner tube from heat coming from the brake track .  there are plugs available to cover holes ,  where the same may apply .  another exception are tubular tyres that are glued to th	access prevent strong prevent cover common days require cover coming track cover apply	expand
1621656	potassium inactivates na channels and opens k channels ,  causing the cells to become refractory increased extracellular potassium levels result in depolarization of the membrane potentials of cells due to the increase in the equilibrium potential of potassium .  this depolarization opens some voltage - gated sodium channels ,  but also increases the inactivation at the same time .  since depolarization due to concentration change is slow ,  it never generates an action potential by itself instead ,  it results in accommodation .  above a certain level of potassium the depolarization inactivates sodium channels ,  opens potassium channels ,  thus the cells become refractory .  this leads to the impairment of neuromuscular ,  cardiac ,  and gastrointestinal organ systems .  of most concern is the impairment of cardiac conduction which can result in ventricular fibrillation or asystole .  decreased extracellular potassium leads to hyperpolarization lower potassium levels in the extracellu	levels result due potential time due change action potential results level systems result levels	expand
1635965	how should i boil green beans to keep them crisp ?  i just pulled fresh blue lake bush green beans from my garden ,  snapped the ends and wanted to boil them ,  while keeping then crisp .  how should i boil them so they are cooked through ,  but not limp ?  a you shouldn't cook more than a few minutes ,  and should cool them as quickly as possible afterwards .  ideally ,  you'll be blanching them ,  and here's how bring a pot of water with a pinch of salt in it to a roiling boil dump beans in ,  and cook for a few minutes check that beans are fully cooked time will vary by variety and ripeness of beans strain beans ,  and immediately transfer to an prepared ice water bath to cool as fast as possible this ensures beans are precisely cooked ,  but do not have a chance to over - cook ,  and using the ice water helps them retain color and flavor .  it's how we get deliciously crisp haricot vert french green beans at the restaurant i work for .  note that cooking times and crispness will also vary base	green green garden minutes water minutes check time variety water water green work note times	expand
1627987	q why are veins not blocked by plaques ?  in my textbook ,  it is written that atheromatous plaques block the artery .  this leads to heart attack and and heart failure .  but my question is why do the plaques only block arteries and not the veins ?  do the plaques also block the veins ?  a atherosclerosis can develop in high pressure systems ,  such as arteries ,  and not in low pressure systems ,  such as veins .  it is high blood pressure that can damage the lining of the blood vessel and initiate the process of atherosclerosis .  but ,  atherosclerosis can develop in veins that have been used as grafts instead of arteries ,  for example ,  in a coronary artery bypass surgery .  springer atherosclerosis in this regard ,  we may note that atherosclerotic lesions do not develop in the veins in their normal environment of low pressure and high flow ,  but that the lesions do develop when the veins are used as arterial bypass grafts where they are subjected to high pressure .  similarly ,  athero	heart heart develop high pressure systems low pressure systems high blood pressure blood process develop note develop environment low pressure high develop high pressure	expand
1618335	d fork eur for my old gt avalanche  .  disc brakes to make it slightly better commuter bike .  my daily ride is km one way on asphalt surface .  what should i consider when choosing a fork ?  what parts would i need in addition to the fork itself to do the replacement ?  won't i make it much worse ?  i'm okey with what i have now ,  but would be nice to go little faster .  a to convert to a rigid fork consider fork length  -  to maintain head angle geometry this depends on the travel of your existing suspension fork and the wheel size .  ie for older inch wheels  -  an mm suspension fork was a mm rigid fork and mm suspension fork mm etc .  ,  brake mounts  -  whether your disc brakes are post - mount ,  is mount or flat mount .  adaptors can be bought to convert between them .  disc rotor size  -  some rigid forks will have a maximum rotor size clearance .  tyre clearance  -  though you are using it for commuting  -  bear in mind if you use an mtb tyre in the fork  -  determine the maxim	make daily parts addition make head travel existing size post size size mind	expand
1622218	treated by omega polyunsaturated fatty acids and there never will be ,  because npufa does not cardiovert arrhythmias nor does it effect heart rate in afib .  no medical body of any kind would support such a study .  finally ,  there is no convincing evidence that npufas decrease the incidence of afib ,  and this has been studied often ,  because eating  -  servings of fish per week has been shown to have a beneficial effect on a fib .  that gives reason to hope that npufa supplements might be similarly beneficial .  however the role of omega -  polyunsaturated fatty acids in the setting of af is controversial .  although some studies demonstrate a lower incidence of af recurrence with omega -  polyunsaturated fatty acids use ,  others have shown an increased risk .  further studies are needed to assess the role of n - pufas in the prevention of af .  if npufas have not been proven to help afib long term ,  there is no hope whatsoever that studies will be undertaken to shown their effect in the	effect body support study week shown effect hope role studies shown studies role long hope studies shown effect	expand
1624572	ter membrane space by electron transport chain .  some protons will diffuse away from membrane surface before they can be pumped back in since these highly charged species cannot passively diffuse back in .  the chemiosmosis process ,  which is sustained by the energy input to drive atp synthase ,  depends on maintaining a strong concentration gradient separation of on either side of membrane .  since the outer membrane of the mitochondria is porous ,  it means the protons are free to diffuse out ,  and will do so because it is entropically favorable .  this relationship is best described by cedelta g rtlnk .  where cekcfracba for a process cea rightleftharpoons where a protons near membrane ,  protons diffused out .  having established that thermodynamically they protons will diffuse out .  it begs the question will they actually reach the outer membrane in a reasonable time .  of course over long enough time they will .  but over some meaningful scale like	space transport back back process energy side means free process time long time	expand
1640816	bout is the water ratio ,  method of cooking and portion size .  when cooking japanese riceshort glutinous grains the optimal ratio is about of water and grain .  normally when cooking smaller portions you add additional water to compensate for the water that evaporates and turns to steam while you cook so in most recipes you will see recipes asking for cup and a couple extra tbsp of water for each cup of rice .  however you are cooking a very large numbers of servings so the evaporation will be negligible .  you can stick with ratio .  to cook the rice you can use either a large stock pot on the stove top or put it into a large pan and bake in the oven .  for the first method ,  you need a really thick stock pota thicker pot results in better heat distribution which results in less burnt bits at the bottom .  i would recommend doing servings at a time .  measure out the rice and water and bring to a boil .  then turn the flames down really low and simmer with the lid on for  -  minu	water method water add water water water large large stock top put large method stock results results time water low	expand
1625920	tructure need not be solely composed of dna .  if a parallel helix is induced by ,  say ,  protein or small molecule binding ,  so be it .  by  " functional examples "  ,  i mean that the parallel structure should have some effect on cellular processes .  the structure can be studied in vitro ,  even using synthetic constructs ,  but it should have some functional significance in vivo or ,  at least a proposed significance .  note that although i only mention dna above ,  papers discussing parallel rna double helices in the same spirit would also be welcome .  related question why is dna antiparallel ?  can it be parallel ?  a surprisingly ,  a parallel dna duplex has been reported !  in a paper ,  tchurikov et al have reported the presence of parallel complementary dna in the non - coding region of alcohol dehydrogenase gene as well as between two drosophila dna sequences .  the region ,  which is bp long ,  has bases in same polarity along with complementarity .  however ,  its presence in vivo and its significance are	small structure effect structure note related question reported paper reported region region long	expand
1607275	ller blades in order to reduce the aerodynamic losses help cool the engine ?  a source an illustrated dictionary of aviation the cuff is used to change the pitch of the blades or to create an airfoil when there is none near the spinner .  the cuff increases the airflow near the engine cooling intakes .  the cuff is large ,  and larger at the blade root because the linear speed in this area is very small compared to the tip .  lockheed orion cuffed blades of a lockheed orion .  top photo by palmerphoto at redbubble .  bottom photo by mdlphotoz at flickr north american p -  mustang ,  cuffed vs uncuffed awesome photo by allan grantlife magazine ,  via this day in aviation captioned joe de bona and jimmy stewart with thunderbird ,  their p - c mustang racer ,  april  .  placed on the ramp in front of the airplane is equipment that has been removed or replaced .  note the four cuffed hamilton standard propeller blades along the right side of the photograph .  they have be	order change large area small top north day april side	expand
1642856	amed in that vessel .  i intend to steam cook mushrooms ,  spanich ,  green onions ,  and cauliflower .  what is the way to infuse strong garlic ,  ginger ,  and black pepper flavours in them ?  a to set expectations here ,  you aren't going to infuse flavors into the middle of steamed vegetables and fungi ,  you may get some flavor penetration on the outside ,  but the best bet for flavored vegetables is to coat the outside with the flavor .  when you put flavorings into water for steaming food most of the flavor stays in the water rather than getting onto the food ,  it's a waste of good ingredients to be honest .  many of the flavors you are working with are oil soluble ,  so your best bet would be to infuse the flavors in oil then mix with the food after steaming .  a tablespoon or two of vegetable oil on low heat would be enough ,  you could add the garlic ,  pepper and ginger to the oil and cook it slowly to extract the flavors ,  then discard the solids .  the oil could be drizzled on the vegetables .  you could	green set put water food water food good working oil oil food oil low add oil oil	expand
1604021	without extra pieces of plywood ?  a this use of plywood is not ideal ,  but it works .  the wood soaks up the epoxy and becomes an integral part of the fiberglass construction ,  and is easy to mold ,  so laying up the same geometry from glass fibers alone would be much more laborious .  also ,  plywood is reasonably isotropic ,  at least in the two directions of the plywood layers .  if you want to achieve similar isotropy with glass fibers ,  you need to interweave them  -  just wrapping one roving around the bearing will not do .  you could use other materials  -  aluminum would do ,  but doesn't bond as well to the epoxy resin .  that schleicher uses plywood has historic reasons .  they used to build gliders with wood ,  some had steel tube fuselages ,  but wood was their primary construction material .  when they started to build glass fiber gliders the first was the asw -  ,  which was a commercial version of the d -  ,  on which gerhard waibel cut his teeth as a glider designer and won the german gliding champion	works wood part construction easy glass glass materials build wood wood construction material build glass version	expand
1624610	fluid behaviour .  specifically ,  this is due to the membrane being in a gel - state .  this gel state allows phase behaviour which means that the protein is able to move around on the surface .  this results in an effect that is often referred to as the fluid mosaic model .  proteins tend not to move out of the membrane .  the protein doesn't leave the membrane as a result of the transmembrane helix being very hydrophobic .  this hydrophobicity and the hydrophobicity of the lipid tails means that they self - associate .  a better way of describing it is that they fiercely dissociate from the water .  a molecular dynamics simulation showed that even in simulations the membrane will readily self - assemble as a result of the hydrophobicity .  this is achieved by a few properties of the tmh sequence .  there is a large amount of hydrophobic residues like leucine .  at either end of the helix are large aromatic residues called the aromatic belt .  further is the electrostatic satisfaction offered by gunnar von heij	behaviour state state behaviour means move results move result means water result large end large called	expand
1636906	is that they need to be processed in order to be utilized .  a cocoa nibs are the result of fermenting the seeds from the cocoa fruit the size of a large grapefruit ,  and then roasting the whole cocoa beans ,  and then de - shelling them the de - shelling process tends to gently crack the contents into large pieces .  unlike other seeds and nuts this is acceptable as the product is going to be finely ground anyway you can also buy  " raw cocoa nibs "  ,  which are fermented ,  de - shelled ,  but not roasted .  these have a different taste ,  and do not make good chocolate roasted or not they taste interesting and are useful as a whole flavour item in salads ,  baking ,  drinks etc .  they are very high in fat so use with caution .  the fat also has a very low melting point ,  so will make any warm liquid dish look oily they are not to everyone's taste ,  unlike chocolate compound  -  in both these case the beans have been fermented on the ground for a few weeks .  non - fermented cocoa beans are not very nice i ha	order large de de process large ground de make good high point make case ground	expand
1625305	derstand what they mean exactly ,  is there any relation between those terms and dna - binding proteins  ?  the article dna supercoiling - a global transcriptional regulator for enterobacterial growth ?  a in short nucleotide - associated proteins are dna - binding proteins that bind dna .  rna - polymerase associated proteins bind rna - polymerases and are required for its functionality .  in more detail dna - binding protein is a higher level term that comprises all proteins that bind to dna .  these can be seen as nucleotide - associated proteins as they interact with the nucleotides in the dna strand ,  even though i did not hear people use that term very often .  there are two types of binding non - specific dna - binding proteins that do not bind to specific sequences dna sequences ,  e . g .  structural proteins .  specific dna - binding proteins that bind to specific dna sequences ,  e . g .  transcription factors .  these proteins mostly have specific dna binding motifs like zinc fingers or helix - turn - helix motifs . 	terms dna article dna short dna dna required dna higher level term dna dna people term specific dna specific dna specific dna specific dna specific dna	expand
1616355	ve a brand new titanium boost er hardtail .  the frame uses a pf bb and the bb shell is mm wide .  i have installed the recommended raceface cinch pf bottom bracket with a race face next sl crank  -  mm arms and t single chain - ring .  the problem is that the clearance between the chain stay and the crank arm is next to nothing .  there is no contact yet but i am unable to run the recommended crank boot protector .  the instruction for this bb so not to use any spacers since it mm mm ones use spacers .  adding spacers wont help as it does not lengthen the spindle .  i do not see how a shimano xtrxt crank will work here either since it has the same q - factor .  any other ideas ?  a raceface makes cinch spindles in various lengths .  i assume you have a version for mm bottom brackets .  there's also a mm bottom bracket spindle option .  it will certainly fit ,  but q - factor might become too wide for your liking .  theoretically ,  you can also order a custom length spindle and spac	wide bottom single problem contact run work makes version bottom bottom wide order	expand
1616433	straps with this much slack before .  furthermore ,  on the web there are photos of very similar but not identical straps which have the rest somehow  " tucked "  away a doing it like the first picture shows is definitely not a good idea .  the strap should be the other way round with the buckle as close as possible to the pedal's body .  reason it can be tightened by pulling the end up and released with a the flick of the thumb on the buckle .  the reason for this black plastic end of the buckle reason the end of the right strap falls over the foot and may be caught between chain and chain - wheel .  the end will hardly drag on the ground .  in the days where i used straps i used waxed string to tie the part going through the pedal to the thin post which is more reliable than a twist .  today i would use a small zip - tie .  the strap in the second picture isn't properly routed over the roller of the buckle .  it may just be a promotional picture with the end of the strap photo - shopped away	web picture good reason end reason end reason end end days part post today small picture picture end	expand
1640230	acon ,  and chicken i am eating a mix of boiled bacon ,  broiled chicken ,  and boiled beans salt amp ;  pepper .  it tastes awkward .  what can i add to improve this flavor within to restaurant quality ?  i am not actually the one who came up with this concoction of madness a unless you've made a typo ,  you should brown at least part of the bacon .  browned bacon will add a great flavor that goes great with both beans and chicken .  keep the bacon fat and just stir it in as well .  just the beans and bacon is good .  if you're going for more of a baked beans type flavor ,  add some brown sugar and ketchup as well .  if the chicken is the star and this is supposed to be a whole meal ,  you need some kind of starch .  given the chicken marinade and the beans ,  it sounds like it needs some rice or corn .  you could make a little rice pilaf ,  or put the rice in with the beans .  creamed corn would also taste good with this ,  but the texture may not contrast with the beans enough .  maybe a cornbread . 	add quality made brown part add great great good type add brown make put good	expand
1634274	e fried ingredients over white sticky rice .  the results are good ,  but how do i make it fantastic ?  any additional sauce i can add to make things more savory ?  should i add the rice in the wok ?  edit thanks for your answers .  i made a fantastic saut last night !  a a few tips marinate the meat first after chopping ,  before stir - frying ;  mix the sauce first  -  don't just dump the ingredients separately into the wok ;  add corn starch or tapioca flour to the sauce to thicken it .  i wouldn't even call it a sauce without any thickening agent .  about tbsp per cup of sauce should be alright .  note the sauce should be about  -  water ,  don't use a whole cup of soy sauce !  add some other savoury or flavour - enhancing ingredients to the sauce  -  i . e .  toasted sesame oil ,  rice vinegar ,  brown sugarhoney .  and ditch the oregano .  briefly steam the vegetables in the wok  -  add just a little bit of the sauce ,  then cover it for a few minutes .  this will make them much more tender after frying .  note	results good make add make things add made add call note water add add minutes make note	expand
1613014	q best rear rack for fuji absolute bike ?  my trail bike only i've ever attached a rear rack have a straight line from the seat stays holes to screw in the rear rack and the top clearance for the rear tire .  my wife's fuji bike has the rear tire way higher than the holes on the seat stays .  can i add any brand of rear rack to this bike ?  or should i look for something special for these cases ?  a it takes a little bit of bravery the first time ,  but you can easily apply some force and bend the front rack stays to reach down to the seatstay .  the rack stays are designed to be bent ,  and doing so doesn't appreciably reduce the carrying capacity of the rack .  the majority of the load is carried down the vertical portions of the rack to the dropouts ,  and the horizontal stays are purely there to prevent the rack from rotating forward or backwards  -  their effect on the load bearing capacity of the rack is negligible .  many constructeur bikes do away with those stays entirely ,  bo	rear bike bike rear line rear top rear bike rear higher add rear bike special time front designed	expand
1641285	r in the shallot and garlic and cook for another to minutes ,  until tender .  everything went well for the first minutes but after adding shallot and garlic and keeping it over high heat for another  -  minutes ,  the sauce started to flakecurdle .  i replaced heavy cream with sour cream .  i had a look at this answer that only gives alcohol and acidity as causes for curdling and this one which advises not to overheat crme frache lest it will curdle .  did heat cause my flakingcurdling ?  if not ,  what did ?  and what means tender in this context ?  a tender means soft and not brown .  sour cream will curdle if the fat content is not high enough if it is high ,  it is called creme fraiche ,  techniquelly and if you cook it down too much on too hot heat .  next time ,  use higher fat content and cook on lower heat .  cream ,  sour cream and creme freche are not really substitutions ,  not techniquelly and not taste - wise . mixing butter and sour cream will work ,  if you take your time and boil down	minutes minutes high heat minutes cream cream heat means means cream content high high called heat time higher content heat cream cream cream work time	expand
1640819	q sweet and sour chicken not sticky i have been trying now for a while to make sticky sweet and sour chicken .  it tastes great .  but its not sticky .  how do i achieve this ?  i only use chicken wings for this .  i make a sweet and sour sauce in a separate pan first ,  where i followed the recipe found on the internet .  cup white sugar cup white vinegar cup water cup soy sauce tablespoon ketchup tablespoons corn - starch combining all the ingredients in a small saucepan over medium heat then when well mixed i boil and stir until thickened .  i then bring the chicken to oven pan ,  spice with chuckny spice ,  add some olive oil to pan .  turn oven to degrees .  when chicken slightly begins to grill ,  i add over the sauce .  and then increase heat to degrees until chicken is done .  should i be doing something different to the sauce or chicken ?  perhaps flowering the chicken ?  or thickening the sauce ?  a i would consider adding some soft brown sugar .  the mol	make great make found internet cup white cup white cup water cup small add add increase	expand
1620853	for example flu amp ;  cold together at the same time ?  although it's rare ,  it happens when the immune system is weak e . g when patient has both aids and kaposi's sarcoma .  a what makes you consider it is rare ?  it is not at all uncommon to be affected by two infections .  typically i agree we aren't as the number of infectious organisms that we are exposed to which cause a clinical manifestation i . e .  aren't controlled by the immune system are low .  nevertheless ,  any chronic infections such as herpes viruses may often manifest when we are under stress with another infection ,  many bacterial pneumonias are more likely to occur when a viral infection is also present and of course the many immunosuppressed people .  arguably a lot of infections are by two or more causative agents as often if one is able to enter where it shouldn't ,  another may ,  but one is likely to be more dominant .  furthermore even our infections can get infections with bacteriophages infecting the bacteria we are infect	time system patient makes number clinical system low present people lot	expand
1640377	needs some extra flavor i made a creamy chicken and wild rice soup for the first time following a recipe i found online .  however ,  now that it's finished ,  i think it needs more flavor .  the only seasonings i used was a the package of seasoning included in the uncle ben's long grain and wild rice box .  what's the best way to add spices to it now that it's finished ,  and what are some good spices to add to this soup ingredients thus far are chicken ,  long grain and wild rice ,  carrots ,  celery ,  onions ,  chicken broth ,  heavy cream .  thanks !  thanks for the extra questions .  here's the recipe i used httpwww . food . comrecipecopy - cat - panera - cream - of - chicken - and - wild - rice - soup -  as for what's in the seasoning mix .  it was the pre - package of seasoning in uncle ben's long and wild rice box .  per the box ,  the seasoning blend contains a mixture of the following hydrolyzed cornsoywheat protein ;  dried onion ;  dried parsley ;  sugar ;  autolyzed yeast extract ;  dried spinach ;  garlic powde	made wild time found online long wild box add good add long wild food wild long wild box box	expand
1615710	id q what's the best way to secure helmet straps ?  on every helmet i've worn there is always some extra length to the straps that run through the buckle that secures the helmet to ones head .  most helmet's these days come with one or two small rubber rings or something similar in which to loop the extra length on the strap .  is there a better way to do this than the ways i've tried ?  the most obvious way is to simply cut the slack off but i'm not really after that .  i'd like to see how others finish their helmet straps to be the most comfortable around the neck and the least intrusive .  below are pictures of unfinished straps method method i've been riding with method and method for awhile .  is there a better way to secure the straps other than cutting ?  a following the advice of those who commented i came upon this solution .  cut the access length about cm ,  leaving enough for adjustment melt the ends of the straps with a torch use ele	secure extra run head days small extra cut method method method method secure advice cut access	expand
1639505	d about the beneficial use of soybean in the food industry ,  so i wonder what it tastes like ?  how can it be explained ?  does soybean taste like regular beans ?  also ,  what's the difference in its processed forms ,  such as soymilk ?  a i can get soy beans in two varieties here as dried beans and as edamame .  edamame is a particular type of soybean that is harvested when it is still young .  the pods are cooked usually boiled or steamed and then served with salt .  the beans are popped from the pod and eaten .  the pod is discarded .  edamame is sweet and a little grassy because it is young .  dried soy beans can be cooked like any other bean .  their hulls tend to come free and have an unpleasant texture so it is nice to skim most of them off .  the flavor is good but not unique .  it tastes like a normal white bean .  the raw beans have a very strong  " beany "  flavor but cooked beans should not .  soymilk is made from dried soybeans .  the beans or the milk are cooked to remove the very strong beany flavor	food industry forms type young young free good white strong made strong	expand
1613917	should mention that i also have a dynamo powered headlight below the basket ,  but i turn it on only when it's really dark ,  as the bottle dynamo noticeably slows down the bike .  any ideas where to move the headlight from the handlebars ?  to the fork perhaps ?  that can be a problem as it would point a bit upwards then ,  and also would be partially obscured by the wheel itself .  a as a rather quick solution and possible permanent fix if the look suits you ,  you could get a piece of plastic pvc pipe just long enough and the approximate diameter of your handlebars ,  and just affix the plastic pvc pipe to the front of the basket ,  and mount the light on the pvc tube .  if the basket is the wire type ,  you could slot the bottom of the pipe an it would slip right over the top of the basket and then the clamp for the light could run through the wire and around the light to secure it .  this same thing could likely be accomplished with other types of baskets as long as there was a good support at the top	turn problem point long light type top light run light long good support top	expand
1618898	mostly a x sram apex groupset at the front ,  at the rear .  the parts i'm planning to buy are sram apex left brake lever sram apex right lever specialite ta one mm in french ,  sorry ,  to sum up that chainring is advertised as a perfect fit for a conversion are sram apex parts backward compatible ?  how do i know if the angle of the chain is going to be fine ?  should i just go for a full x crankset ?  best a you should be fine with the parts you choose .  just be sure that you get a x shifter as right lever and you are good to go .  you can adjust the chainline to minimize a too great angle .  you should check if the chainline is better if the x chainring is mounted where currently the bigger chainring is mounted or where the smaller one is mounted .  chainline is good if the chain has minimum angle on the thth sprocket .  you can't mount a too big chainring on the inner position .  but you could check how much space is left from the small chainring to your cha	parts left parts fine full fine parts good great check good big check space left small	expand
1623225	horylation ,  unlike reduced mitochondria like organelles such as mitosomes in giardia lamblia .  is it possible to transfer all mitochondrial genes to the nuclear dna and still have fully - functioning mitochondria ?  a no there aren't any organisms with fully functional mitochondria which the latter do not retain the minigenome .  on whether it is theoretically possible to transfer all the mitochondrial genes to the nucleus perhaps it is possible and mitochondria may work just like lysosomes and er ,  but i think that the responses will be greatly delayed .  at present there are no mathematical models that can provide a better understanding of that possibility .  nonetheless ,  some studies have shown that chloroplasts and mitochondria also have redox dependent gene regulation by which the expression of some components of the etc is regulated by the redox state of the quinone .  this helps in optimization of the etc ;  if all genes were in the nucleus then this would not be possible .  this pheon	transfer fully fully transfer work present models provide understanding studies shown state	expand
1627585	meone identify these eggs ?  they were attached to a tree in a black - water inundated forest igap near manaus ,  amazonas ,  brazil .  the photo was taken in mid june ,  the water level was already high ,  and the eggs were about one metre above the water not sure if they had been or would be under water at some point .  it's been many years now ,  but i think the whole group was about to cm long about inches .  a that's an apple snail egg cluster .  they're freshwater snails ,  and by placing their egg clutches above the water line they protect them from predation .  we actually have an issue with apple snails in florida ,  because while the florida applesnail pomacea paludosa is native ,  three different invasive species have been introduced that are eating through native vegetation without many predators  .  different species produce different colors of egg mass ,  and a good example of the green egg masses includes pomacea haustrum ,  the titan applesnail ,  which is present in the conti	water june water level high water water point years group long water line good	expand
1625898	eticulata snr ,  leading to increase in gabaergic nigro - thalamic activity which increases corticostriatal glutamate release since i can't explain all those terms in a single answer .  now ,  excessive glutamate activates the glutamate - activated nmda and ampa receptors which ,  in turn ,  increases activity of nitric oxide synthase .  activation of nitric oxide synthase generates reactive nitrogen species which create an oxidative stress .  oxidative stress is further increased because of depletion of antioxidant enzymes due to methamphetamine itself .  now ,  the oxidative stress has to be manifested somehow .  this is done by lipid peroxidation and protein carbonyl formation ,  and also by specific nitration and nitrosylation of proteins important for monoamine synthesis and release ,  including vmat -  and tyrosine amp ;  tryptophan hydroxylase ,  ,  .  oxidative modification of these proteins restricts their activity and contributes to their degradation ,  thus playing a major role in neurotoxicity . 	increase activity release terms single activity due important release including activity major role	expand
1641434	the cod .  a lemon is used as a flavoring ,  not as a cooking liquid ,  it's not going to keep the fish moist .  the secret of having moist fish is the same as having moist beef ,  chicken or any meat or poultry don't overcook it .  cooking releases moisture from the flesh ,  so cooking it well is all about timing  -  getting it cooked enough to have the internal temperature and consistency you want and no more as every extra second means more moisture lost .  fish is especially sensitive to timing ,  but with a bit of practice anyone can cook fish well .  fish ,  meat or poultry will have a juicy mouth feel when there is enough moisture stored in the flesh after cooking .  overcooked fish in a pool of sauce will still have a dry mouth feel ,  whereas perfectly cooked fish with no sauce at all will have a moist mouth feel .  as for what to cook cod with as a replacement for lemon the answer is nothing .  fish has enough moisture to begin with ,  and when baking you don't need to assist heat transfer .  lemon is si	cooking fish fish cooking cooking extra means lost fish bit practice fish fish mouth feel cooking fish mouth feel fish mouth feel answer fish	expand
1638596	tbsp sugar pinch salt eggs heat the milkcream over low heat until it just starts to simmer .  remove from heat ,  add chocolate ,  sugar ,  and salt and stir until smooth .  lightly beat the eggs and temper in with the chocolate mixture .  pour into crust usually graham cracker and bake  -  minutes at degrees until set .  it tastes great ,  but after the pie cools the filling becomes very dense almost like a fudge .  sometimes this is fine ,  but sometimes i'd like it to have a lighter texture almost like a pudding .  how should i modify the recipe to do this ?  a this is a basic chocolate custard filling .  the one thing i would suggest is changing out the whole eggs for egg yolks only ,  at a ratio of about  -  yolks per cup of dairy ,  so  -  egg yolks in this recipe .  this should yield a more tender and silky custard ,  as the whites tend to contribute a more rubbery or resilient texture .  even so ,  the original proportions do not look that far off .  a custard pie like this	heat low heat heat add minutes set great fine basic thing original	expand
1622069	are protein isoforms in a western blot ?  the protein isoforms i am interested in comparing appear as distinct bands on the gel i have already run .  i have an excel sheet with optical density measurements i obtained using imagej ;  it looks something like this lane iso iso gapdh  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  for the other proteins i've analyzed so far ,  i've been computing fold - change relative to my loading control ,  gapdh ,  with the following equation fold - change logproteingapdh i'm not sure how best to compare my isoforms to each other and considering the following two equations  .  fold - change logisogapdhisogapdh  .  fold - change logisoisogapdh i've already computed both of these values for all my samples ,  graphed them and found that the resulting graphs look pretty different .  which of the two equations do you t	protein western protein interested run lane change control change change change values found pretty	expand
