	target_text	input_text	prefix
1751676	ds against lebanon were a violation of the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity  .   "  these raids constitute a  "  challenge to international law as represented in un security council resolution calling for an unconditional israeli withdrawal from lebanese territory  ,   "  the spokesman added  .   "  the continuation of these raids threatens to increase acts of violence  "  said the spokesman  ,  who also expressed  "  saudi arabia 's support of lebanon in the defense of its territory and the protection of its citizens and security  .   "  qatar  ,  which in april for the first time hosted a visit by an israeli prime minister  ,  condemned  "  israeli aggression  .   "   "  this aggression threatens to derail the peace process  ,  increase tensions in the region and expose international peace and security to danger  ,   "  a foreign ministry spokesman said quoted by the official qna news agency  .  he called on israel to  "  renounce the politics of violence which only sparks violence  ,   "  underlining  "  the need	country international security council increase support security april time process increase international security news	expand
1750280	manchester united six points clear in the english premiership following their  -  win against coventry at old trafford on saturday  .  with second - placed newcastle travelling to blackburn on monday evening kick - off gmt manchester did not squander their chance to surge ahead  .  united went ahead two minutes after the break with cantona scoring his seventh goal in eight games  -  -  and th of the season  .  the goal stemmed from a mistake by coventry midfielder kevin richardson  ,  who failed to cut out a cross from ryan giggs  .  cantona was lurking and made no mistake from six yards  .  that gave coventry  ,  struggling to avoid relegation  ,  a mountain to climb and giggs should have added a second minutes later when keeper steve ogrizovic turned away a shot from andy cole after cantona had carved out the opening  .  liverpool 's  -  win over west ham kept pressure on the front two following first half goals from stan collymore and john barnes  .  collymore scored from yards out in the nd m	manchester united clear english win manchester united minutes made minutes win west half john	expand
1752570	in the intertoto cup  ,  had a hip injury  ,  knee injury and seven broken ribs following the august crash  .  but his full recovery was clear for all to see as he shot home in the th minute to take bordeaux into their first ever european final  .  though he has played in the league  ,  this was only his second european match after the quarter - final second leg against ac milan  .  full - strength bordeaux  ,  who only qualified through reaching the last four of the intertoto cup  ,  had about chances during the first half as they waltzed into slavia 's area at will  .  frantisek cipro  ,  coach of czech league leaders slavia prague  ,  complained of a congested fixture list  ,  but that surely could not explain his players ' miserable performance  .  striker dugarry had a lively first half and had a headed chance after just three minutes to begin the waves of attacks from the french club  .  dugarry headed directly into the hands of former qpr keeper jan stejskal on minutes in their best effort up to the	full home european final european final full half area list performance half minutes club minutes	expand
1754486	losing the league championship last year  .   "  to win the championship  ,  it is necessary for the club to change the commander  ,   "  he said  .  but kawasaki president motoki morishita said he would be looking for a south american replacement  .   "  i do n't find any japanese with whom i can entrust the responsibility  ,   "  he said  .   "  we may invite a head coach from brazil or argentina  .   "  senior coach yasuyuiki koshino takes over as temporary head coach  .  j - league soccer  ,  hit by falling attendances and tv ratings  ,  is still relying on its latin american connections  .  brazilians account for half of the foreign players with the j - league clubs  .  there are eight argentines and one paraguayan  .  but kawasaki have already sacked striker alcindo sartori and luiz carlos pereira  ,  japan 's player of the year in  .  pereira was considered too old at  .  alcindo moved to a second division club after scoring just goals in matches last season  .  nelsinho  ,  who has been in charge at gremio  ,  cori	league year club change south american find head head league american account half league year club	expand
1752229	the pitch preceded both sets of supporters taunting each as the players filed back to the changing rooms  .  arsenal 's ian wright  ,  who had a superb match  ,  said afterwards  "  it was tough to get only one shot on goal  "   ,  adding he had been  "  disappointed  "  not to find the scoresheet  .   "  however he denied reports he might be leaving the club  .   "  arsenal can have me as long as they want me  ,   "  wright said  .  mabbutt praised arsenal 's movement in the middle of the pitch  -  -  particularly dennis bergkamp and ian merson  -  -  but believed  -  was a fair result  .  arsenal had a whole host of chances during the first half  ,  though tottenham twice had shots on target with chris armstrong shining throughout up front  .  the tempo kept up till midway through the second half  ,  when  ,  as both teams tired  ,  the quality of football lost its edge  .  armstrong caused trouble for arsenal left back nigel winterburn as the tottenham striker looked lively in the opening minutes  .  merson shot high in the first opp	back find club long result half half quality left back minutes high	expand
1750376	cium would lower the incidence of blood pressure  ,  hypertension and pre - eclampsia  ,  they recommended calcium supplements for women at risk of developing the ailment  .  from an overview of the studies  ,  the researchers concluded that  "  the results are relatively consistent from study to study  ,  showing a reproducible positive effect  .   "  symptoms of pre - eclampsia include headache  ,  vertigo and vomiting  .  five percent of women suffering pre - eclampsia develop eclampsia  ,  which causes convulsions and can lead to a coma  .  in an accompanying editorial  ,  two doctors from oregon health sciences university in portland  ,  david mccarron and daniel hatton  ,  strongly urged women to take calcium supplements  .   "  current intakes in women of childbearing age are not sufficient to assure optimal gestational blood pressure regulation  .  younger women can no longer assume that the consequences of inadequate calcium intake will emerge only decades later as osteoporosis  .  they may occur within nine months a	women results study study include women health university david women current women age women months	expand
1755447	nd series with the blues  .  st .  louis goaltender jon casey stopped wendel clark 's wrist shot from the top of the right faceoff circle  ,  but the rebound came to doug gilmour  ,  who slid the puck to gartner for him to jam it in from the left side  .  al macinnis of the blues scored a power - play goal with seconds remaining in regulation time to force the extra period  .  in other games  ,  boston averted an opening - round sweep out with a  -  victory over visiting florida  ,  philadelphia ripped tampa bay  -  and colorado outlasted vancouver  -  in over - time  .  at boston  ,  adam oates had two goals and two assists and jon rohloff and rick tocchet scored seconds apart in the second period to keep the bruins alive in the series  ,  now led by the panthers  -   .  only two teams in nhl history have rallied to win a series after losing the first three games  ,  the toronto maple leafs and the new york islanders  .  at philadelphia  ,  power - play goals from mikael renberg  ,  pat falloon and john lecl	series top left power play time period games time period series history series games power play john	expand
1753842	at the  .  million - dollar pga heritage classic  .  roberts sank a  - foot birdie putt on the final hole to stand at  - under par entering the final round after opening with a and  .  roberts matched the course record with a on the front nine  ,  sinking five consecutive birdies in one stretch  .  his three - day total matched the tournament record set by hale irwin two years ago  .   "  i hit some good shots early and made some birdies and put them in the box  ,   "  roberts said  .   "  then i had some tough shots and made them on the back side  .  i did n't like the way i hit it at the end  .  i hit some wobbly shots on the back side  .   "  but he salvaged pars throughout to pull away from second - place mark o'meara  ,  who finished four strokes off the pace  .  roberts owned a six - stroke edge over four others  ,  including scotland 's colin montgomerie  .  zimbabwe 's nick price finished at  ,  one stroke better than new masters champion nick faldo of england and two ahead of australia 's greg norman  ,  who	day set years good made made back side end back side place including	expand
1754658	paris saint germain missed a glaring chance to regain the lead in the run - in of the french championship race when they were held  -  at home by bottom club martigues  .  a win would have seen luis fernandez 's side leapfrog auxerre and lead by a point with just three games to go  .  but the coach  ,  his players and  ,  home fans trooped home despondently after a tired performance that left them on points  ,  one adrift of the leaders  .  brazilian world cup star rai  ,  who had given the club a lift by signing a new three - year deal in midweek  ,  did little apart from getting himself booked just before the break  .  the home side 's best chance  ,  a header from panamanian striker julio dely valdes after minutes  ,  hit the base of the right post  .  on saturday auxerre seemed to have given the parisians  ,  who reached the european cup winners ' cup final by seeing off spanish side deportivo la coruna last week  ,  the perfect chance to take over at the top by drawing  -  at bastia  .  tl 	chance lead home club side lead home home left world club year home side chance side week chance top	expand
1753845	in the spanish cup final days ago  ,  are six points clear with five games to go  .  in the late match valencia kept alive their slim hopes of winning the title by beating racing santander  -  at home  .  brazilian star viola scored twice  ,  either side of villabona 's th minute effort  .  cruyff bowed to the fans demands and played young star ivan de la pena  ,  who he had controversially omitted from the cup final team  .  however  ,  it was his son jordi  ,  who declared himself for the dutch team on friday in preference to the spanish side  ,  who outshone the rest of the team  .  he offered some hope as he equalised atletico 's roberto 's th minute opener  ,  in the th minute  .  roberto was playing instead of the argentinian world cup star diego simeone who is away on world cup qualifier duty in south america  .  atletico  ,  eight times champions but chasing their first title since  ,  seized the initiative in the th minute as midfielder juan vizcaino scored and then argentinian leonardo biag	cup final days home side young cup final team team side team world cup world cup south times	expand
1749882	ewcastle and liverpool meanwhile enjoyed contrasting fortunes against struggling queens park rangers and coventry  ,  newcastle coming from behind to win  -  as liverpool slid to a  -  defeat  .  mercurial frenchman eric cantona set the leaders on their way with a sixth minute penalty after nicky summerbee recklessly fouled dennis irwin  .  although city fought back and deservedly levelled through georgian debut star mikhail kavelashvili  ,  andy cole slid in a mishit shot to put united back in front inside seconds  .  city manager alan ball reshuffled the pack midway through the second period  ,  bringing on uwe rosler for the tiring kavelashvili  .  and within five minutes the german had outpaced steve bruce to hammer the equaliser past peter schmeichel  .  but with just ten minutes left on the clock  ,  welsh winger ryan giggs lashed home the winner after a mazy run  .  at st .  james ' park  ,  newcastle owed their crucial victory after queens park rangers  ,  unbeaten for three games before start of pla	park set city back put back city minutes minutes left home run park park start	expand
1751596	inha  ,  from romesh kaluwitharana  ,  and not out from marvan attapattu led sri lanka to for five off overs in the match that was part of the th anniversary celebrations of the qpcc  .  the qpcc invitational xi  ,  comprising members of the west indies masters over - s along with current internationals brian lara  ,  carl hooper and rajindra dhanraj  ,  faced an uphill task  .  they were dismissed for off overs as muttiah muralitharan captured three wickets and sri lanka used nine bowlers  .  collis king  ,  best remembered for his blistering against england in the world cup final  ,  had the highest individual innings of  ,  and hooper made  ,  but the invitational xi never recovered from losing three wickets with the score at  .  sri lanka  ,  sent in to bat  ,  lost opening batsman sanath jayasuriya  ,  who broke three limited overs batting records in the singer cup in singapore last week  ,  with the fourth ball of the innings for nought  .  this disappointment quickly fade	part members west current england world final individual made week	expand
1753873	guring out that players are supposed to be scoring on the other team 's goalkeepers  .  own goals decided two major league soccer matches saturday  ,  a somewhat embarassing finish to games that have brought surprisingly large crowds to watch the return of first - division soccer - football after more than a decade  .  an own goal off the leg of defender nicola caricola in the final minute gave the new england revolution a  -  victory over the new yorknew jersey metrostars  ,  spoiling their home opener  .  in the final minute  ,  new england 's darren sawatzky took a shot from yards out on the right side and metrostars goalkeeper tony meola made a punch save  .  but the ball caromed forward off caricola 's leg and rolled back past an out - of - position meola  ,  just inside the right post for the game 's only goal  .  the revolution improved to  -  while the metrostars fell to  -  before  ,  in the stadium where pele and the cosmos once roamed  .  an own goal in the th minute proved to be the game - winn	team major large final england home final england made back post game game	expand
1751760	ve of what happens  ,   "  norman said  .   "  i have got a chance to win the masters  .  there is nothing better than playing with the chance to win a major championship  .   "  norman sank six - foot birdie putts on the th  ,  th and th holes and a tense four - footer for bogey on the th hole to stand at  - under par  ,  six better than faldo and seven ahead of third - placed phil mickelson  .   "  the shark  "  could break the masters ' record victory margin  ,  nine strokes  ,  set by jack nicklaus in  .   "  i have got a lot of work to do  ,  so there is no sense in getting excited now  ,   "  norman said  .   "  when you have a lead going into the last round  ,  you never think about the end result  .  you never get ahead of yourself  .   "  norman can be forgiven for not reveling in ecstacy over the third - largest third - round lead in masters ' history  .  he made bogey on the final hole here in and lost by one stroke to the wondrous run of jack nicklaus  .  in he seemed to have victory sealed  .  but larry mize 's	chance chance major set work lead round end round lead history made run	expand
1756058	d the indignity of having no .  owen finegan sent off  .  finegan was ordered off by referee ian rogers after he stiff - armed western province 's justin swart into touch moments after the winger had kicked the ball upfield  .  joel stransky landed the resulting penalty  .  the three points helped the south africans put a buffer between themselves and the australians  ,  who had scraped to within a converted try of the lead  .  a try from vlok cilliers put province ahead in the first half amd the lead was consoldiated when flanker johan kapp stole the ball at a lineout and crashed over to make it  -  early in the second half  .  replacement david knox whittled away at the lead to bring the act to within six points with minutes remaining  .  stransky 's penalty restored western province 's confidence  ,  but the act hit back again when argentinian international prop patricio noriega scored their only try and knox converted  .  the home team clinched their win two minutes from time when centre rhys botha	put lead put lead make lead act minutes act back home team minutes time centre	expand
1753809	ampionship tie with the czech republic  ,  scored in the th minute and sammer  ,  german footballer of the year  ,  netted in the th minute  .  dusseldorf 's defeat places them in danger of making an immediate return to the second division  ,  they are fourth from bottom  ,  only three points clear of eintracht frankfurt  .  eintracht  ,  the champions  ,  gained a valuable point in their relegation battle but they could have taken all three against a tired bayern side  .  bayern  ,  who celebrated a great  -  victory over barcelona on wednesday at the nou camp in the uefa cup semi - final  ,  had scholl to thank for his th minute equaliser  .  eintracht had shocked the  ,  bayern fans when striker matthias hagner scored in the th minute  .  bayern 's city rivals munich continued their surprising charge for a uefa cup place beating hansa rostock  -  away  .  munich  ,  who finished a lowly th last season  ,  opened the scoring through striker olaf bodden in the st minute  .  a double strike fr	minute year minute making return point side great minute minute city place st minute	expand
1751958	s  - under par through holes had pushed him six strokes ahead of his nearest pursuer  ,  england 's nick faldo  ,  and within reach of tournament records for conquering the augusta national golf club  .  but norman 's lead fell to two strokes over faldo after both finished the front nine  .  norman struggled to two over - par on the front nine while faldo carded a two - under on the front side  .  faldo 's drive went into a trap on the fifth and he missed a seven - foot par putt  ,  but the englishman rallied with a birdie on the sixth and sank a  - foot birdie on the eighth to reach nine - under par  ,  three off the pace  .  norman then helped by curling a six - foot par putt left of the cup on the ninth hole after his approach went short and down an embankment from the green  .  when he tapped in to make the turn  ,  his lead was sliced to two shots  .  norman 's opening drive of the final round found the left trees and his approach to the first hole rolled into a greenside trap  ,  setting up a missed	england national club lead front front front drive left approach make lead drive found left approach	expand
1749910	dged a further goal by lyon 's eric roy illegal for a foul on kastendeuch  .  both were scored in the second half of extra time  .  the stage was thus set for the penalty shoot - out at the parc des princes boulogne end  ,  where metz 's supporters were sitting  .  lyon 's stephane roche hit his first penalty over the bar and metz 's sylvain kastendeuch did likewise  .  but lyon 's eric assadourian  ,  who went on at the end of the game  ,  struck the ball in off the crossbar for the first successful penalty of the night  .  philippe gaillot made it  -  with a shot just under the crossbar and lyon 's florian maurice and metz 's brazilian isaias made it two goals apiece  .  then eric roy and keeper pascal olmeta scored for lyon and robert pires and stephane adam hit home for metz to leave the match balanced at  -  following the five scheduled penalties  .  but the night turned sour for lyon when their brazilian marcelo saw his shot to the left pushed away by metz 's cameroon keeper jacques songo'o leaving th	half time stage set end end game night made made home night left	expand
1755046	or central defensive duo colin hill and barry hunter  .  dahlin put sweden ahead after minutes  .  former sheffield wednesday full - back roland nilsson sent jonas thern clear on the right and when the roma midfielder squared the ball back accross goal dahlin was on hand to turn it over the line  .  dahlin could have had a hat - trick before half - time but one fierce drive was deflected past the post by wrexham defender hunter and another header flashed into the side netting  .  the game was all over as a contest in the th minute when bari striker klas ingesson scored a terrific solo goal  .  after picking up a short pass from thern  ,  ingesson skipped past two northern ireland players before planting the ball firmly past bolton 's aidan davison  .  but mcmahon got his reward for a thankless night 's work when he scored his second international goal after minutes  .  manchester city midfielder steve lomas sent in a cross from the right and the young spurs forward rose well to head powerfully past	put minutes full back back time past past past work international minutes city young past	expand
1749084	uarter  ,  and managed a penalty goal  ,  but springbok no .  richter wrestled over from a scrum three minutes before halftime  .  after minutes  ,  fullback dawie du toit capped off a sharp back - line movement and minutes later richter had his second try when the canterbury defence was found wanting on the short side of a scrum  .  australian capital territory could have moved to the top of the ladder had they beaten waikato  .  they made a superb start  ,  with prop patricio noriega scoring from the very first attack of the match  .  but waikato took control with the help of the wind  ,  taking every opportunity to bring wingers eric rush and norman berryman into the game  .  berryman made some damaging runs  ,  one featuring two giant sidesteps which opened up the act defence for flanker duane monkley to score  .  act  ,  despite losing skipper brett robinson after minutes  ,  rallied well  .  after a second half penalty by adam friend  ,  act regained the lead when lock john langford finished off a concert	minutes minutes back line minutes found top made start control made act act minutes act john	expand
1749063	richter  ,  to two from the new zealanders  ,  and were far superior than the  - point margin suggested  .  northern transvaal  ,  now third behind queensland and auckland  ,  scrummaged well and consistently won possession from the rucks and mauls  .  the inside backs kept the ball angling into the corners behind a canterbury back line which wanted to run but was unable to do so without good possession  .  two of northern transvaal 's tries were scored in the first minutes  .  canterbury were pinned in their half and forced to defend  ,  a situation which was always going to yield points for the south africans  .  canterbury held on grimly in the second quarter of the match  ,  and managed a penalty goal  ,  but springbok no .  richter wrestled over from a scrum three minutes before halftime for northern transvaal 's  -  halftime lead  .  the crusaders closed to  -  nine minutes into the second half  .  but after minutes  ,  fullback dawie du toit capped off a sharp back - line movement and minutes later	point northern back line run good northern minutes half south held minutes northern minutes half minutes back line minutes	expand
1751906	take his season 's tally to  -  -  and cut the gap on leaders and rivals rangers at the top to four points  .  manager tommy burns had vowed his side will take rangers to the death in scotland 's closest title race in years and yet another victory from the jaws of defeat  ,  celtic 's speciality this season  ,  proved his point  .  ex - celt pat mcginlay 's th minute opener appeared to be pushing the title towards rangers until van hooydonk headed an equaliser then scored a controversial nd minute winner  .  hibs felt celtic substitute andreas thom was offside as he moved clear on a paul mcstay pass but there was no flag and the german squared to his dutch strike partner to net a simple second and secure three vital points  .  rangers need six points from their last three games to be sure of their eighth successive crown  -  -  five might also be enough but anything less could open the door for celtic 's first championship win since  .  hibs defender graeme love was sent off by referee jim mcclusk	season top points side scotland title years season point title points points open love	expand
1748763	al former militant leaders from powerful groups such as the hardline ikhwan - ul - muslimoon outfit and the operation balakote militant group  ,  while two women had formally filed their papers since monday  .  javed ahmed shah  ,  the second - most important leader in the ikhwan  ,  who announced his candidature from srinagar  -  -  the urban hub of the islamic rebel drive  -  -  said the polls would help restore normalcy in the disputed state  .   "  the restoration of democracy through elections is mandatory for all societies  ,   "  he said here tuesday  .  voters are scheduled to go to the polls on may  ,  and to elect six mps from kashmir  ,  where a moslem separatist drive has claimed more than  ,  lives since  .  officials said nominations were also received from former members of the once - powerful national conference  ,  which formed the last elected government in kashmir  .  the party is boycotting the current elections  .  they said election monitoring centres were being established in srinagar to provi	groups group women important drive state drive members national government current	expand
1755027	aged a superb second - half comeback to defeat south africa  -  in the nelson mandela inauguration challenge match here on wednesday  .  the african champions looked set for a sensational victory when they stormed into a  -  half - time lead through goals from forward phil masinga of leeds united and midfielder doctor khumalo  .  but world cup holders brazil silenced a capacity  ,  crowd at the fnb stadium in the second half with goals from flavio conceicao  ,  rivaldo and bebeto  .  brazil are the first visiting team to win the mandela challenge following a south african victory over zambia in and a draw with argentina last year  .  the youthful south americans also preserved a percent record against african opposition dating back to when the four - time world champions triumphed  -  in egypt  .  defeat was a bitter blow for the south africans  ,  who won the nations ' cup at the first attempt two months ago with victories over cameroon  ,  angola  ,  algeria  ,  ghana and tunisia  .  	half south challenge set half time world half team challenge south year south back time world south months	expand
1751656	 .  in a mistake - riddled match  ,  nsw gained one bonus point with the only try of the match  ,  three minutes from time  ,  by hooker kevin o'kane to go within two points of their great australian rivals  .  eales was named man of the match for his commanding display in the lineout and accurate goalkicking  .  smith was sent off by referee wayne erickson after two wild high tackles in the space of a minute  ,  the first on wallaby teammate david campese and the second on his test partner and fullback matthew burke  .  in an uninspiring match  ,  the reds took advantage of poor handling from the waratahs  ,  who came up with the sole try after a spell of pressure inside the reds ' quarter  .  campese  ,  largely contained on the night  ,  broke clear to send o'kane powering over the line  .  nsw 's third straight loss after winning three of their opening four games has left them in eighth spot  ,  four points adrift of fourth - placed natal  .  queensland take on third - placed australian capital territory in canberra ne	match point match time points great man match high david match line left points	expand
1749135	unbeaten record in five games against their glasgow rivals this season  .  looking ahead to sunday  ,  smith said  "  it will be a difficult game to call because most of the league games between the sides are played like cup - ties  .   "  i do n't think celtic will do anything different from the previous matches but nothing prepares you for this fixture  .   "  meanwhile  ,  rangers striker ally mccoist said victory on sunday would mean more to him than his hat - trick in last saturday 's  -  win at raith  .  mccoist  ,  named player - of - the - month in scotland for march  ,  said  "  if we can get through the season undefeated by celtic  ,  we will be in the final  .  it is as simple as that  .   "  i am really fired up for the game and you always want to be involved in the cup final because it is a great occasion  .   "  celtic have been taking the plaudits this season  -  -  partly because they have n't done well in recent years  ,  so people can see their improvement  .   "  the  - year - old rangers striker  ,  who scored the only	games season sunday game games sunday march season final game final great season years people year	expand
1750341	erpool  ,  manchester united  ,  arsenal and west ham in recent weeks  ,  at least finished the half on a high  .  blackburn captain tim sherwood just shot past the left hand post in the th minute after breaking through from a deep position and receiving an accurate pass from jason wilcox  .  and  ,  after asprilla shot over the bar and saw another effort pushed away by flowers  ,  blackburn had another superb opportunity from sherwood in the th minute  .  wilcox again fed sherwood  ,  but his powerful shot could only find the crossbar via a deflection  .  then batty received a square pass from the right from substitute keith gillespie before firing home with a rare left foot shot into the right hand corner of flowers ' goal  .  then four minutes from time  ,  shearer fed grahan fenton who charged into the area and volleyed first time past hislop  ,  who could only knock the ball high into the net  .  with a  -  draw seemingly on the cards in the dying seconds  ,  fenton broke through once more to chip flowers	west high past left hand post find home left hand time area time past high	expand
1753808	g a league championship  .   "  smith also saluted danish international erik bo andersen  ,  who took his goal tally to six in a handful of appearances since a  .  million pounds about  .  million dollars move from aalborg  .   "  he slipped into the country almost unnoticed but he has started his career well for us so far  ,   "  said smith  .   "  he looks to be a goalscorer and i hope he carries on that way  .   "  celtic kept alive their distant dream of the title with a spanking  -  win that plunged hapless falkirk into the first division  .  two goals from german star andreas thom and one apiece from portuguese international jorge cadete and youngster simon donnelly sealed the three points  .  celtic boss tommy burns hinted his side 's title prospects might be slipping away  .  he admitted  "  it is a possibility that we 're running out of games in terms of the title  .  but you never run out of games to improve the quality of your play  .   "  aberdeen 's uncomprising midfielder  ,  dean windass  ,  continued	international million million country title international side title games terms title run games quality play	expand
1756060	tween and  .  rangers had to rely heavily on gascoigne  ,  whose st minute second goal gave rangers the lead  .  gascoigne 's performance and the title was just reward for manager walter smith  ,  who has won the championship in each of his five full seasons in charge  .  smith came under fire earlier in the season as gascoigne 's bookings mounted  ,  climaxing with his dismissal in the champions league tie at borussia dortmund  ,  but his patience and courage sticking with the temperamental geordie star has paid off  .  smith 's place in the rangers record books looks assured  .  the former dumbarton and dundee united player  ,  who stood on the ibrox terraces as a youngster  ,  has won nine major trophies in five years in charge  .  celtic  ,  with just one defeat in league games this season  ,  have pushed smith 's side all the way but  ,  inspired by  . m gascoigne and the trickery of denmark 's playmaker brian laudrup  ,  rangers have stood firm  ,  beating their great rivals in the scottish cup semi	performance smith full smith season smith place books major years season smith side great	expand
1753848	aclet wamba lost his world boxing council wbc cruiserweight crown when he failed to make the weight  .  rugby union france score biggest - ever win against romania aurillac  ,  france france 's  -  victory against the romanian xv here on saturday was the highest scoring match ever played between the two countries  .  the previous record was set on may when winger adolphe jaureguy steered the french to a  -  win by scoring tries  .  saturday 's ten - try romp was boosted by seven conversions from french kicker richard dourthe  ,  playing his first international since his suspension earlier this year for stamping on english number - eight ben clarke in the first five - nation clash  .  rugby league oldham beat castleford castleford  ,  england two tries in a four - minute second - half spell by full - back paul atcheson gave oldham their first win at castleford since and lifted them to third in the super league table  .  oldham were  -  down at half - time and played most of the game without	world council make set international year number full back time	expand
1748722	ayasuriya  ,  player of the tournament in the recent world cup  ,  reached his ton in balls  ,  also breaking the record for the highest number of sixes hit in a single innings by clearing the boundary times before being finally caught on  .  the  - year old left hander also stroked fours in a display that completely overshadowed indian skipper mohammad azharuddin 's record century off deliveries against new zealand at baroda in  -   .  west indian gordon greenidge  ,  held the previous record of sixes in an innings  .   "  i did n't realise i had reached a record  .  we needed a big score and we had to hit out  .  any score in this small ground is not safe  ,   "  said jayasuriya  .  he raced to his second fifty in just balls  ,  smashing sohail 's occasional left - arm spin for runs in an over including a sequence of four sixes  -  -  another record  .  guided by their opener  ,  the newly - crowned world cup holders amassed for nine off overs and bowled out the pakistanis for  .  between	world record number times year left record west record record big small left including record world	expand
1749085	straight wins against no defeats  ,  while nagoya grampus eight suffered its first defeat of the season losing to jubilo iwata  -   .  grampus eight failed to display their effective passing play throughout the match and watched their one goal advantage in the nd minute turn into a defeat within five minutes thanks to nobuhiro takeda and toshiya fujita  .  brazilians zinho and evair led flugels to a  -  win over kyoto purple sanga  ,  continuing their perfect winning records without surrendering a single goal this season  .  with german international guido buchwald returning from an injury  ,  red diamonds powered past gamba osaka  -   .  another german uwe bein gave his side the lead in the th minute before buchwald made it  -  eight minutes later  .  in other games  ,  defending champions yokohama marinos continued their match - losing streak as brazilian bismarck put an end to their hopes in sudden death extra - time to give former champions verdy kawasaki a  -  win  .  kashima antlers overpowered kas	season play minutes season international past made minutes put end time give	expand
1750904	 .  steels  ,  riding with mapei  ,  timed hrs mins sec to add further honours to his recent win in het volk  ,  the opener to the belgian season  .  fellow belgian johan museeuw  ,  italy 's franco ballerini and olaf ludwig of germany had earlier forced the pace and opened up a half - minute lead on the chasing pack after attacking the first approach to kemmel on km  .  the trio almost made a decisive breakthrough before uzbekistan 's djamadolin abdujaparov and italy 's fabrizio fontanelli briefly counter - attacked at monteberg after km  .  but steels it was who emerged from the pack in the last few hundred metres to edge lombardi at the line and become the fourth man to win the het volk and gand - wevelgem double after compatriots noel de pauw and eddy merckx and dutchman jan raas  .  belgian national cycling champion wilfried nelissen broke his right tibia in a fall early on in the race  .  doctors said nelissen  ,   - year - old team leader of the lotto team  ,  would be out of action for up to a yea	recent win made line man win national early year team team action	expand
1749961	me back with tries to fullback dawie du toit and prop frikkie bosman but lance sherrell  ,  who scored a first half try  ,  was unable to convert the late efforts  .  northern transvaal are third  ,  three points adrift of queensland  ,  after picking up a bonus point for finishing within seven points of auckland  .  but the blue bulls could take over top spot next thursday when they complete their tour against waikato in hamilton  .  natal moved up to fourth place following their  -  hammering of new south wales in midweek and emphatic  -  triumph over wellington in new zealand on saturday  .  two - time winners queensland led  -  at halftime but had to survive an intense last quarter as bottom team western province stormed back with two tries to trail by points with minutes to go  .  the reds paid a price with wallaby back tim horan fracturing an elbow and likely to be sidelined for up to a month  .  natal greatly enhanced their finals ' prospects next month with springboks  ,  fullback andre joub	back points point points top place south time team back points price back month month	expand
1748451	general  ,  denied accusations that the indian authorities were using  "  brute force  "  to  "  eliminate  "  the rebels  .   "  we are not following the policy against terrorists as adopted in sri lanka and chechnya  ,   "  he said  .  the governor said additional forces would be deployed to ensure free and fair polls and reiterated an offer to rehabilitate surrendered militants in state - run vocational training institutes  .   "  those who refuse to surrender will have to face the consequences  ,   "  rao said  ,  citing the example of moslem militants killed by security forces in a raid on their headquarters in srinagar on saturday  .  his remarks coincided with a denunciation of the raid in which the jammu and kashmir liberation jklf militants died by kashmir 's chief islamic cleric in srinagar  ,  the urban hub of the moslem secessionist drive  .  maulvi umer farooq  ,  who is also leader of the all party freedom conference  ,  grouping some militants and political organisation  ,  said plans to hold a massi	general policy ensure free offer state run training party conference	expand
1753916	western suburbs  -  on saturday  .  but it was fireworks at kogarah when lomax was sent off four minutes before halftime for a high tackle on dragons ' hooker wayne bartrim and pongia followed in the nd minute after an incident which resulted in st george forward luke felsch being carried from the field on a stretcher  .  in an acrimonious finish to the match  ,  raiders ' captain and super league flag - waver laurie daley had a running verbal battle with referee paul mcblane and remained on the field haranguing the match official after fulltime  .  in another incident  ,  mcblane went to the sideline to speak with dragons ' officials after sections of the  ,  - plus crowd began pelting the super league - aligned canberra players with beer cans during a conversion attempt by saints ' wayne bartrim  .  st .  george are one of four teams in second place after their victory  .  the brisbane broncos kept on the tail of sydney city with a  -  plastering of north queensland at home  .  the broncos ran in	minutes high st george field match field match st george place city north home	expand
1749695	ttish football association  .   "  he would n't have been playing anyway  ,   "  said burns  ,  who has guided celtic to a  - match unbeaten domestic run since rangers won  -  at parkhead in late september  .   "  his absence will make no difference  .  the two guys up front  ,  pierre van hooydonk and andreas thom  ,  have been superb all season and minutes from them can win us the game  .   "  monday 's  -  victory over aberdeen has given celtic even further encouragement and the same could get the nod for sunday  .  burns has injury doubts over brian mclaughlin  ,  morten wieghorst  ,  john collins and phil o'donnell with the latter the least likely to appear  .  rangers will have andy goram back between the posts as smith ponders whether to recall richard gough and david robertson after injuries  .  smith  ,  who has guided his side to victories in the last three old firm cup clashes  ,  says the previous five meetings this season count for nothing on sunday  .   "  old firm games stand on their own and this one cert	run september make season game sunday john back david side season sunday	expand
1750343	 "  we created so many chances without really improving our goal difference  .   "  third - placed liverpool meanwhile wasted little time in proving they are not quite out of the premiership title race with a crushing first half show against west ham  .  stan collymore 's th goal of the season broke the deadlock after minutes and the striker then helped set up john barnes for the second seven minutes before the break  .  liverpool boss roy evans  ,  refusing to concede the title is beyond them  ,  said  "  we wo n't throw the towel in yet  .   "  leeds boss howard wilkinson said he has no intention of quitting despite a suffering abuse from a section of fans during and after a  -  home defeat to nottingham forest  .  he insisted  "  i have not lost faith in my ability as a manager  .  of course the criticism hurts  .   "  but some of the fans were supportive and if i am prepared to acknowledge the cheers  ,  i have to be prepared to take the jeers as well  .   "  manchester city boss alan ball lambasted his play	time show west minutes set john minutes section home city play	expand
1749718	on friday  .  a relieved fjortoft said afterwards  "  we can just enjoy it now  .   "  the norwegian  ,  who took his season 's tally to eight  ,  added  "  it was a good performance from us and it seems the pressure is now off  .   "  we wanted to be in the top half of the table and i think that 's on  .  it 's all about playing it out now and having fun in the last four or five games  .   "  manager brian robson 's words were vindicated  .   "  i told the lads that i wanted them to play the last eight games the way they played the first eight games and if they did that  ,  they would have had a good season  ,   "  he said  .  after a lacklustre first - half  ,  middlesbrough deserved their success  -  -  which leaves wednesday still in danger of the drop  -  -  as they fought back entertainingly in the second half inspired by the boy from brazil  ,  juninho  .  wednesday  ,  seeking to avenge a  -  defeat at hillsborough earlier this term  ,  looked the more enterprising side before the break  ,  when middlesbrough had left the field to	season good performance top half games play games games good season half back half side left	expand
1752924	so radebe  ,  who started his career in south africa playing in goal  ,  stepped into the action  .  he was hardly troubled as leeds put up the barricades with paul beesley and carlton palmer outstanding in the defence  .  leeds looked dangerous on the break despite being down to men and young andy gray twice tested peter schmeichel in the first half with fierce shots  .  even eric cantona struggled to get united going and cole was again off target and off colour  ,  so much so that he was replaced by lee sharpe in the second half  .  cantona had a hatful of chances to put the game out of leeds ' reach but his shooting  ,  for once  ,  let him down  .  it seemed that united were going to return goalless for the first time in games  -  -  until keane struck with minutes to go  ,  thanks to some good work from ryan giggs  .  it was only his sixth goal of the season but could prove vital in the final weeks of a thrilling campaign  .  lee 's first goal of the year meanwhile kept newcastle on course for their f	south put young half united half put game united time good work year	expand
1755299	ord net loss of  .  billion marks last year owing to the fall of the dollar  ,  structural problems and losses at its aviation subsidiary dasa  .  it did not justify the forecast with detailed figures  ,  and analysts treated the announcement with some scepticism  .  company finance director manfred gentz said in zurich  ,  switzerland  ,  that sales were likely to rise by percent in the next two years to billion marks from  .  billion marks last year  .  the forecast was based on  "  prudent estimates  "  which might change depending on the economic climate and the exchange rate of the dollar  .  an analyst at a us bank in frankfurt  ,  who declined to be named  ,  was sceptical about the value of a forecast so far into the future  .  and at bayerische vereinsbank  ,  analyst georg stuerzer was cautious  .   "  this is an ambitious target and i have the impression that daimler - benz sees results improving rather too quickly  .   "  he said  "  we do n't know on what dollar exchange rate daimler - benz has based t	year problems company director years year based change rate future results rate based	expand
1750933	defeat away to hearts in a dress rehearsal for next month 's scottish cup final  .  hoodyonk was on hand to power home simon donnelly 's cross as the final seconds ticked away to keep celtic 's title hopes alive and deny the visitors  ,  who had taken the lead on the stroke of half - time through jim mcintyre  .  the dutchman 's th goal of the campaign was hard luck on killie  ,  battling against the drop  .  a goal in each half at tynecastle from neil pointon and allan johnston meanwhile sent rangers crashing to their third league defeat of the season  -  -  and their second at the hands of hearts  .  rangers had captain richard gough back in their side after a five - week absence with a calf injury  ,  but he never looked comfortable at the back as the visitors ' defence struggled to cope with the lively johnston who had scored a hat - trick at ibrox in january  .  also back in the rangers ranks was midfielder trevor steven  ,  making his first league appearance since the opening day of the season  .  paul ga	final power home final half time half season back week back back making day season	expand
1756107	r third in the th minute  .  atletico equalised twice against valencia through milinko pantic and delfin geli  ,  who had scored an own goal earlier  .  however  ,  valencia midfielder antonio poyato scored the winner in the nd minute  .  valencia 's other scorer was real madrid - bound predrag mijatovic from the penalty spot  .  auxerre require one win from their last two matches to seal their first ever french title  ,  and  ,  with a cup final meeting with third division nimes  ,  the double looks odds on  .  paris saint germain  ,  whose coach luis fernandez announced on thursday that he was stepping aside at the end of the season  ,  were hit by an th minute goal from lille striker patrick collot  .  paris ' defeat leaves them in third  ,  four points behind auxerre  ,  whose  -  win against saint etienne came courtesy of bernard diomede and a lilian laslandes header  .  metz  ,  the french league cup winners and only three points behind auxerre  ,  recorded a  -  win over guingamp  ,  but they have a vastly infer	minute minute real win french cup final meeting end season minute points win french cup points win	expand
1748420	guided south australia past the follow - on in a war of attrition with western australia in the sheffield shield cricket final here monday  .  chasing western australia 's first innings of for nine declared  ,  south australia were for seven at the close of the third day in the five - day final  .  former test paceman brendon julian lifted western australia 's victory hopes by taking three wickets including those of century - maker paul nobes and captain jamie siddons  .  he finished the day with  -   .  needing to avoid the follow - on  ,  south australia  ,  who as competition leaders only have to draw to win the shield  ,  slumped to for seven when damien martyn had test spinner tim may caught at short cover  .  brayshaw and jason gillespie saw them through to stumps  ,  but the home side still needs more runs to have a real chance of avoiding defeat and landing their first title in seasons  .  opening batsman nobes was the pick of south australia 's batsmen on monday with  .  	south australia follow australia final monday australia south australia day day final test australia including day follow south australia test home real south australia monday	expand
1750986	ports growing at the same rate due to strong domestic demand  .   "  the current account surplus of most of the nies will continue to increase because of earnings from services and from past investment abroad  ,  especially in other nies and southeast asia  .   "  this  ,  in turn  ,  will enable the nies to export more capital to the same economies over the next two years  ,   "  it said  .  south korea 's large current account deficit is likely to shrink as the country moves from being a net capital importer to that of net capital exporter  .  outlook said prospects for the fast - growing economies of southeast asia remain  "  bright  .   "  annual growth is likely to maintained at over seven percent  ,  led by exports and high rates of investment  .  inflation should in single figures  .  the reported highlighted that malaysia 's public sector borrowing requirement has become quite large  .  it said attempts throughout southeast asia to contain money supply growth had been eroded by the influx of foreign capital that ha	current account services investment capital years south large current account capital capital high investment public large capital	expand
1742458	the fa cup on sunday  .  villa were  -  up in front of their own fans with minutes to go before an astonishing five minutes when united score three goals  ,  ruud van nistelrooy netting twice after ole gunnar solskjaer had given the english champions a lifeline in the th minute  .  john gregory 's villa side were comfortably in control when norway forward solskjaer beat former manchester united goalkeeper peter schmeichel at the near post  .  then england captain david beckham 's header fell to van nistelrooy  ,  on for fellow sub luke chadwick  ,  who gave schmeichel no chance from close range  .  dutchman van nistelrooy  ,  in his first fa cup tie  ,  the rounded schmeichel for a superbly taken goal  .  gregory then gambled on a treble substitution but five minutes of injury time were not enough for the birmingham club to grab an equaliser at villa park  .  villa took the lead in the st minute when defender lee hendrie 's pass released taylor whose shot beat united goalkeeper roy carroll  ,  deputis	minutes minutes united john control united post england range minutes time club park united	expand
1750122	urgen klinsmann equalised for bayern in the rd minute  .  petersson put his side ahead again two minutes before the break and peter wynhoff added a late goal  .  dortmund appeared set for victory after rene tretschok gave them a th minute lead  .  but werder  ,  who have climbed steadily away from trouble in recent weeks  ,  hit back through brazilian defender junior baiano on minutes to snatch a deserved point  .  metz won the french league cup  -  on penalties after a  -  scoreline against lyon following extra - time on saturday to book their ticket for next season 's uefa cup  .  at  -  apiece in the shootout  ,  lyon 's brazilian marcelo saw his shot to the left pushed away by metz 's cameroon keeper jacques songo'o leaving the fate of the match in the hands of metz 's cyrille pouget  .  pouget did not let down his team to leave former marseille keeper olmeta with little to celebrate on his th birthday on sunday  .  atletico madrid remain just three points ahead of barcelona after the spanish c	put side minutes set back minutes point time book left team	expand
1749921	ico madrid remain just three points ahead of barcelona after the spanish championship leaders could only draw  -  at real oviedo on saturday  .  barcelona  ,  eight points behind just three weeks ago  ,  crept up on their rivals with a  -  beating of real sociedad  .  atletico midfielder jose luis caminero hit home in the nd minute before oviedo striker carlos equalised in the second half  .  atletico 's leonardo biaggini of argentina posed a real threat in the first period  ,  but was replaced by bulgarian luboslav penev late on  .  the absence of diego simeone  ,  suspended for insulting a referee in their last match  ,  was missed in atletico 's ballwinning duels  .  barcelona midfielder guillermo amor found the net in the rd minute in the catalan club 's win  .  fourth - placed espanyol drew  -  at real zaragoza with striker ismael urzaiz giving espanyol the lead on minutes  .  uruguay 's gustavo poyet equalised for the european cup winners cup champions just a minute later  .  	points real points real home half real period found club real lead minutes european	expand
1751935	e so far  .  ramdane scored in the th minute for the third division side to decide this south coast derby and set up a final clash with auxerre on may  .  on saturday  ,  auxerre won  -  on penalties at marseille after drawing  -  following extra - time  .  and nimes will hope auxerre win the league which will spell a european cup winners cup spot for them  .  nimes were helped in their victory by the self - belief which saw them saint etienne and strasbourg in previous rounds  .  nimes began brightly when christophe sanchez missed a golden opportunity following a cross by jean - manuel thetis  .  montpellier tried to get back in the match  ,  but their domination lacked sharpness in front of goal or tactical expertise  .  jerome bonnissel and fabien lefevre created problems in the nimes defence a few times  ,  but captain and keeper philippe sence held firm  .  apart from the creative laurent robert  ,  montpellier lacked in the playmaking department  .  just after the break  ,  montpellier 's pascal baills had a c	side south set time european back problems times held department	expand
1750638	und grabbed provisional pole position in the german championship on tuesday on goal difference following their  -  draw at cologne  .  bayern munich host hamburg side sankt pauli on wednesday with yet another chance to pull away in the championship race with seven matches to go  .  however dortmund have a game in hand  .  ottmar hitzfeld 's men only drew  -  against werder bremen on saturday  ,  but bayern munich 's  -  easter sunday defeat to borussia moenchengladbach meant they could not take advantage  .  a single point for dortmund in their last three games spelt miserable reading for hitzfeld  ,  who is hoping on the quick recovery of his injured players  .  dortmund were without matthias sammer  ,  andreas moeller  ,  julio cesar  ,  karlheinz riedle  ,  stefan reuter and heiko herrlich for the cologne game in front of a  ,  - strong crowd  .  in an extraordinary match at schalke  ,  three bayern leverkusen players were sent off but the visitors still held a  -  lead till the last minute  .  defender ma	position side game hand men single point reading players game players held	expand
1754078	ries for ceron and mccolgan london dionicio ceron of mexico scored an unprecedented third successive victory in hottest london marathon ever on sunday as liz mccolgan returned to world class form with a magnificent victory in the women 's event  .  mccolgan dogged by injuries in recent years and once told she would never compete again  ,  ran a perfectly - judged race after  -  norwegian outsider anita haakenstad threatened to run away from the field  .  mccolgan  ,  third favourite at  -   ,  took over the lead after of the miles and came home well clear to a tremendous reception along the mall  .  in the men 's  ,  belgium 's vincent rousseau was second with  - year - old briton paul evans a battling third  .  cycling richard deprives armstrong of double ans  ,  belgium swiss cyclist pascal richard deprived american lance armstrong of the ardennes double by winning the kilometre liege - bastogne - liege cycling classic here on sunday  .  richard  ,   ,  won the fourth race in this year 's world cu	london london sunday world form event years run home year richard richard sunday richard year world	expand
1755744	er again  .  caps defenseman mark tinordi pummled pittsburgh 's alex stojanov  ,  leaving him with a bloodied face  .  in new york  ,  jari kurri scored a short - handed goal  ,  brian leetch added a power - play tally and the new york rangers held off another third - period rally to edge the montreal canadiens  ,   -   ,  taking a  -  lead in their eastern conference quarter - final series  .  alexei kovalev had the other goal for new york  ,  which has won the last three games and can wrap up the series with a victory at montreal sunday  .  in detroit  ,  nikolai khabibulin stopped a club playoff - record shots  ,  including all in the third period  ,  and dave manson 's unassisted goal into the final period snapped a tie and as the winnipeg jets stayed alive with a  -  victory over the detroit red wings in game five of their western conference quarter - final series  .  the jets trail the best - of - seven series three games to two and need to win game six in winnipeg on sunday to avoid elimination  .  bb 	york york period conference final series york games series sunday club including period final period game conference final series series games game sunday	expand
1753058	 .  the competition had opened last week on a makeshift warm - up pitch because the artificial surface at the olympic venue of clark atlanta university was still in the process of being laid  .  india 's  -  win over south korea  ,  their first win in five matches over the asian champions  ,  gave the tournament an unhappy start  .  the korean yang - kyun jong swung his stick violently across the legs of the indian player sanjeev kumar  ,  apparently in retaliation for a blow on the head with an elbow  .  jong was shown a red card for a permanent suspension and was later banned for the next three games of the tournament by tournament director  ,  eric donegani of canada  .  it was one of the severest sentences for a red card offence in an international tournament and meant jong could play only in the final game of the tournament  .  final standings w d l f a pts pakistan india britain south korea argentina united states	week university process south start red card red card international play final final south	expand
1748760	the waratah defence in the rd minute when he finished off a sweeping move on the left and scored off an andre joubert pass in the corner  .  burke put new south wales ahead for the second time at  -  with his second penalty in the th minute  ,  but two minutes later thomson bobbed up on the right - hand side of the field to score again from a pass from joubert  .  the contest was over in the st minute when thomson and excellent no .  and skipper gary teichmann combined to put winger joos joubert in after natal capitalised on a loose pass from bowen  ,  who was replaced minutes later  .  a well - worked move on the blindside exposed the frail waratah defence when teichmann passed to flanker wayne fyvie to score in the corner in the th minute  .  there was further embarrassment for new south wales seven minutes from time when teichmann peeled off a scrum and scrum - half kevin putt put winger james small over for a soft try  .  natal play wellington on saturday while nsw play queensland in brisbane	move left put south wales time minutes side put minutes move south wales minutes time put small play play	expand
1753832	ay  .  auxerre 's algerian midfielder moussa saib opened the scoring on minutes but the corsican based club  ,  the early pacesetters in the league  ,  equalised through striker bruno rodriguez in the th minute  .  third placed metz failed to benefit as they could only draw  -  away at relegation threatened saint etienne  .  they still lie only three points behind auxerre with three games to play  .  metz defender sylvain kastendeutch scored from the penalty spot in the th minute though the struggling former european giants equalised in the th minute through striker adel chedli  .  monaco are fourth  ,  four points behind auxerre  ,  after their  -  win over le havre  .  defender patrick blondeau and midfielder gilles grimandi were their heroes netting in the th and th minutes after le havre 's frederic brando had equalised on half - time  .  the champions nantes  ,   -  winners at home to juventus on wednesday in the european cup semi - final but losers on aggregate  ,  scored a  -  win over stra	minutes based club early points play european points win minutes time home european win	expand
1748505	ment has not ruled out an amnesty for separatist leader dzhokar dudayev to stop the killing in the rebel republic of chechnya  ,  the interfax news agency reported  .  gennady selezniev  ,  communist president of the duma  ,  the lower house parliament  ,  said the issue was set to be debated at an upcoming session  .  president boris yeltsin announced sunday he was halting russian military operations in chechnya and said he was willing  ,  through mediators  ,  to talk peace with dudayev  ,  who moscow says is guilty of terrorism  .  he also announced a phased withdrawal of russian troops from quiet areas of the mainly - moslem caucasus republic  .  his peace plan is aimed at ending the  - month war in chechnya which began when moscow sent in troops to crush an independence drive  .  the fighting has left some  ,  people  ,  mostly civilians  ,  dead  .  yeltsin has called on the duma to reach a swift decision on granting an amnesty to separatist fighters  ,  excepting those who had committed  "  the most serious cri	news house issue set areas plan war left people called	expand
1756073	barcelona 's romanian playmaker georghe hagi added a second on minutes and defender oscar scored their third in the th minute  .  valencia 's win over madrid leaves them still in with a chance of the title as they are four points behind the spanish cup winners  .  atletico fought back twice to level the match but valencia midfielder antonio poyato scored the decisive goal in the nd minute  .  atletico  ,  whose controversial president jesus gil was banned from performing his duties at the club for months on thursday  ,  had only themselves to blame  .  defender delfin geli scored an own goal in the th minute which was cancelled out by madrid 's yugoslvian striker milinko pantic on the stroke of half - time  .  however  ,  the leaders conceded a th minute penalty that valencia 's leading scorer predrag mijatovic  ,  bound for real madrid next season  ,  netted  .  geli then atoned for his earlier error by equalising two minutes later  ,  but poyatos had the last laugh  .  former welsh manager john to	minutes minute back level minute club months minute time minute real minutes manager john	expand
1751758	tout  -  after a  -  draw in extra time  .  sabri lamouchi had put auxerre ahead in the th minute  ,  but marseille 's bernard ferrer equalised from the spot to force the shootout  .  barcelona draw boosts atletico santander suances ' equaliser for racing santander against  - man barcelona for a  -  draw prevented the catalonians from pulling level on points with spanish league leaders atletico madrid  .  barcelona looked set to grab three points when angel cuellar opened the scoring in the th minute  ,  but their defensive posture cost them when suances came on in the th and grabbed the equaliser  .  belgium sacks van himst brussels belgian coach paul van himst was sacked in the wake of belgium 's failure to qualify for the european championships in england  .  their miserable showing in a  -  defeat against france on march preciptated van himst 's downfall  .  he had coached the national team in matches since may  ,   .  united bow to saints london alex ferguson blew his top an	time put level set england march national team london top	expand
1755907	l difference to auxerre 's  .  defender pascal pierre scored the opener in the st minute and two second half goals  ,  the first by robert pires and the second by cyrille pouget  ,  kept the unglamorous eastern french club 's title hopes alive  .  auxerre 's victory came courtesy of a superb solo goal by bernard diomede and a lilian laslandes header  .  auxerre 's squad has been put together on a shoestring  ,  unlike psg 's major financial resources  .  and with semi - professionals nimes as adversaries in the french cup final  ,  the double has become a realistic target  .  in the th minute  ,  diomede  ,  served by philippe violeau cut in from the left and shot just inside the post in an impressive solo effort  .  then laslandes ' firm header in the th minute condemned saint etienne to defeat as they remain in relegation trouble at fourth from bottom  .  stephane sentini 's dismissal in the rd minute put  "  les verts  "  at a major disadvantage as auxerre 's chances began to increase  .  after the break  , 	st minute french club put major financial resources french minute left post minute minute put major	expand
1755743	ck to win the last two series in which they have dropped the first two games  .  they also fell behind  ,   -   ,  against the boston bruins before rallying in  .  lemieux was ejected from game four  ,  the third - longest contest in league history  ,  for instigating a fight and was held without a goal in the series until of the first period on friday  .  olaf kolzig came well out of the net and was unable to defend a shot by petr nedved from the left side of the slot  .  defenseman jim johnson  ,  kneeling in the crease  ,  used his body to make the save  ,  but lemieux gathered the rebound on the doorstep and deposited it past the prone defenseman  .  wregget made saves in the first period  ,  eight in the second and in the third to preserve the win  .  he entered the series in the second period of game four when tom barrasso left with back spasms  .  wregget stopped of shots over the final six periods in historic game four and has allowed only two goals on washington shots over nine period	series game history series period left side make past made period series period game left back game period	expand
1755855	ld for the first circuit but swan quickly assumed command as they went out on the final circuit and along with grand national winning jockey mick fitzgerald on amtrak express set a terrific pace  .  the irish favourite feathered gale  ,  winner of the irish grand national  ,  made progress into fourth but came under pressure on the turn into the straight while top weight jodami briefly threw down a challenge  .  swan though took life of a lord  ,  who disappointed when heavily backed for this years grand national  ,  clear from the second last fence and although bottom weight proud sun  ,  ridden by dean gallagher  ,  threatened briefly  ,  swan was not to be denied his second whitbread victory  .  proud sun came in second at with amtrak express third at and the gallant jodami was fourth  .  later santillana  ,  owned by sheikh mohammed  ,  won the first english derby trial the thresher classic trial stakes  .  ridden by champion jockey frankie dettori  ,  santillana  ,  a shot  ,  beat chance glory	final national set national made top life years national clear sun sun english	expand
1751711	lub stuttgart as reigning champions borussia dortmund could only draw with schalke  .  the former spurs striker fired home just after the break to give bayern a three - point lead over dortmund  ,  although the bavarians have played a game more  .  schalke 's point after a goalless draw in dortmund moves them into fourth spot above stuttgart as the royal blues chase a uefa cup spot  .  borussia moenchengladbach stay third after their  -  win over cologne  ,  who remain deep in relegation trouble  .  michael klinkert hit the winner after minutes to leave new cologne coach peter neururer 's men just a point off third - bottom eintracht frankfurt  ,  who crashed  -  at home to hansa rostock on friday night  .  hamburg are still in the uefa cup hunt after a  -  win at kaiserslautern  ,  founder bundesliga members who look set to join uerdingen in the second division next season  .  harald spoerl blasted hamburg 's winner as they moved up to sixth  .  werder bremen continued their recent march away from the basem	home give point game point royal minutes point home members set recent march	expand
1755836	halftime thanks to a second - minute try from jeremy thomson  -  -  who immediately left the field with concussion  -  -  and prop ollie le roux  ,  converted by andre joubert  .  flyhalf henry honiball added a conversion in the fourth minute of extra time to extend the lead to six points after three penalties from andy miller had kept canterbury in the match  .  but on the restart  ,  joos joubert scored the first of his two tries  ,  followed a minute later by the first of a pair of tries from substuitute cabous van der westhuizen  ,  both converted by honiball  ,  to stretch the lead to points  .  a penalty on the minute mark provoked a run of two more tries from joubert and james small  .  natal then seemed to relax their play  ,  allowing the canterbury forwards  ,  led by a rampaging pat lam  ,  to take the game back to the south africans  ,   .  they were rewarded by rapid - fire tries by adrian tukaki and norm maxwell  ,  both converted by miller  ,  to add some respectability to the scoreboard  .  but an unconverted	left time lead points lead points run small play game back south	expand
1753741	doing so stymied the reds ' bid to keep pace with series leaders auckland with their sixth win in eight super outings  .  queensland 's wallaby second - rower john eales had the chance to snare a last gasp victory with a penalty goal attempt in the final minute but pushed the ball wide to the delight of the  ,  - strong home crowd  .  with three games left to next month 's semis  ,  act hold a four - point break over the fifth team waikato as they embark on a south african tour to play lowly western province in cape town and northern transvaal in pretoria before winding up at home against otago on may  .  it was queensland 's second defeat of the tournament and ensued after the reds led  -  at halftime and  -  minutes into the second half following an eales penalty  .  but the brumbies unlocked the swarming queensland defence with deft kicking which forced the reds to clear from their own line  .  tongan international flanker ipolito fenukitau burst off of a ruck to score with fly - half adam fri	john home left act point team south play home half international half	expand
1752797	a  -  win on wednesday over dual champions verdy kawasaki in the latest round of japanese league matches  .  stojkovic  ,  formerly with olympique marseille and red star belgrade  ,  scored a goal and created the other two goals  .  he made his mark only two minutes into the match when his corner kick was headed home by tetsuya okayama  .  stojkovic 's free kick in the st minute was also headed home by sie donald olivier of the ivory coast  .  stojkovic then shot into the top left corner of the net in the th minute for his side 's third consecutive win  .  the win puts grampus eight in joint second in the league with jubilo iwata on a  -  win - loss ratio  ,  behind yokohama flugels who stayed at the top with their eighth successive win  .  but the flugels looked set to lose top spot at one stage going  -  down to avispa fukuoka before powering back to run out  -  victors  .  atsuhiro miura pulled one back in the th minute and brazilian evair scored his second goal of the day to equalise in the rd m	win made home free home top left win win win top win set top back run back day	expand
1748879	nds of ac milan in the champions cup  .  bordeaux have had a dream season after being outsiders at the start of the competition and only qualifying after reaching the semi - finals of the intertoto cup  .  dugarry  ,  scoring his third goal of the campaign  ,  scored in the eighth minute  .  he received the ball inside the penalty area from fellow international zinedine zidane  ,  and although his shot was straight at keeper jan stejskal it crept over the line  .  only a minute earlier bordeaux keeper gaetan huard pulled off a great save from slavia striker daniel smejkal  .  the french inspired by the trio of captain bixente lizarazu  ,  zidane and dutchman richard witschge  ,  formerly at barcelona  ,  dominated the first half on a terrible pitch  .  the  - year - old dugarry  ,  capped nine times by france  ,  struck the post and should have doubled the margin later in the half but shot weakly at stejskal  ,  the former czech national keeper  .  slavia  ,  who lead their national league  ,  were the better tea	start area international line great half year times post half national national	expand
1751952	barcelona opened the scoring through angel cuellar in the th minute after an ivan de la pena cross  .  and they looked set to grab three points despite croatian robert prosinecki receiving his marching orders five minutes before the break  .  however barcelona were content to sit on their lead at santander and eventually paid the price for their lack of enterprise  .  in atletico 's match  ,  a flurry of action less than a minute before the break saw striker alfonso open the scoring for betis  ,  only for francisco pirri to equalize seconds later  .  next weekend sees the crunch match between the top two sides at the nou camp stadium  .  jurgen klinsmann edged bayern munich nearer the bundesliga title saturday  ,  scoring the only goal of the game at former club stuttgart as reigning champions borussia dortmund could only draw with schalke  .  the former spurs striker fired home just after the break to give bayern a three - point lead over dortmund  ,  although the bavarians have played a game more  .  s	set lead price open top game club home give point lead game	expand
1752925	keegan has hailed him as the finest midfielder in the country  .  simon charlton stood his ground  ,  but lee swept past him on the inside before threading home his ninth goal of the season into the bottom corner  .  peter beardsley later missed a penalty to keep the home fans on edge with southampton counting themselves a little unfortunate as the newcastle defence held on for a vital victory  .  england star alan shearer signed off in style with a spectacular double as the reigning champions recorded a third successive win to stay on course for a uefa cup spot next season with a  -  win over wimbledon  .  the england striker  ,  who enters hospital on thursday for surgery on a troublesome groin injury  ,  struck twice to finish the campaign with goals  .  graham fenton grabbed the winner for rovers after robbie earle and marcus gayle had twice equalised for the visitors  .  it was stalemate in three other premiership matches with west ham 's tony cottee grabbing a late equaliser at league cup final	country past home season home held england win cup season win england west cup final	expand
1748870	r carlos busquets managed to clear the danger  .  then oscar  ,  set up by skipper jose maria bakero  ,  lodged a firm shot from the edge of the box past oliver kahn 's outstretched left hand  .  barcelona dominated till the break  ,  though a jean - pierre papin header from a scholl corner went just over  ,  and scholl missed another easy chance to score  .  but witeczek equalised from an acute angle before scholl  ,  whose first shot was pushed away by busquets  ,  gave the germans a deserved lead from the rebound  .  just as it looked like scholl had scored the winning goal  ,  as he had done three days earlier to beat dortmund  -  and knock them off the top of the bundesliga  ,  hagi struck after a defensive error  .  bayern have not reached the final of any of the three major competitions since  ,  when they lost to porto in the european champions cup  .  and the uefa cup remains the only european prize to elude the german giants  .  also munich only just qualified for the event when borussia moenchengladbach	set past left hand easy days top major european european event	expand
1750282	could go our way  ,   "  murray said after the match  .  germany dominated the first half of monday 's confrontation as their right - side attack got the better of australia 's left - side defence  .  the only goal came one minute before half time when germany 's oliver domke managed to score a soft goal  ,  slotting away a reverse stick shot from the top of the circle  .  australia 's goal keeper was not able to touch the ball as it fell into the middle of the net  .  according to murray  ,  that miss illustrated a weakness in the australian defence  .  the australians showed better form in the second half  ,  closing off the german 's right - side attack and putting pressure on their opponents ' goal  .  yet the aussies were unable to capitalize  .  matthew smith missed a sitter four metres out minutes into the second half and mark hager failed to pot away his opportunity from nine metres five minutes later  .  their teammates also failed to take advantage of three penalty corners  .  murray expressed concern at	half side left side goal half time goal top goal form half side goal minutes half mark opportunity minutes	expand
1748410	hree months to march and  .  percent in the financial year to march  .  share prices were expected to extend gains in the three months to june  ,  buoyed by the steady improvement in the economy along with the positive earnings outlook for the year to march  .  the nikkei was expected to reach the  ,  point level by the end of june  ,  they said  .  a major impact on trading in the three months to june would be the year - to - march earnings forecasts for japanese companies  ,  due to be released in may  ,  which analysts said would play a key role in deciding the stance of investors towards the market  .   "  investors will buy on year to march earnings forecasts  ,   "  tim hayashida  ,  strategist at merrill lynch  ,  told afx - asia  ,  an afp - affiliated financial news wire  .  hayashida said year - to - march -  results were not expected to spark major selling as investors had already discounted much of the  "  likely damage to pre - tax profits from bad debt write offs  "  in the bank and related sectors	months march financial year march expected months june year march expected level end june major months june year march year march financial news year march expected major	expand
1750632	 .  earlier  ,  the home side 's mohammed chaouch equalised youri djorkaeff 's th minute opener  .  only fourth - placed metz  ,  who entertain bastia on wednesday  ,  have a chance of challenging the top two in the title race  .  djorkaeff has timed his form well as french coach aime jacquet is formulating his selection for this summer 's european championships  .  djorkaeff also scored an th minute winner in psg 's  -  european cup winners cup semi - final victory at deportivo la coruna on thursday  .  nantes  ,  who trail juventus  -  with the european champions cup semi - final return in northwestern france still to come  ,  had another defeat when montpellier 's laurent robert hit home minutes from the end for a  -  win  .  montpellier moved into a uefa cup position in fifth place at the expense of monaco following their efforts  .  david mazzoncini gave hope for bottom club martigues as his th minute goal earned them a  -  win against lille  ,  also struggling against the drop  .  saint etienne 's  -  d	home side top form european european cup cup final european cup final home end cup place club	expand
1753823	ave to say  ,  once again  ,  this is a great team  .  we dropped off towards the end through sheer tiredness  .   "  as for the championship  ,  while there 's life there 's hope  .   "  third - placed fiorentina were  -  winners over atalanta in a dry - run for next month 's italian cup final  .  giacomo banchelli  ,  completely unmarked  ,  rifled home a low cross with only the keeper to beat  .  the bad news for the florence club was that francesco baiano  ,  the first - choice strike partner for argentine skipper gabriel batistuta  ,  had broken a leg  .  the place to be for goals was genoa  ,  where sampdoria drew  -  with lazio in a battle between two uefa cup hopefuls  .  lazio skipper beppe signori scored twice  -  -  the first a left - footed drive from the edge of the box  ,  the second a close - range effort  -  -  to become italy 's joint top scorer with bari 's igor protti on apiece  .  but man - of - the - moment enrico chiesa brought up his th of the season and earned sampdoria a point with a clinically - taken penalty just two	great team end life home news club place range top	expand
1751725	s and it continued with former all - england men 's doubles champions thomas lund and jon holst - christensen beating pierre pelupessy and dennis lens  -   ,   -   .  the winning lead was then ensured in the women 's doubles when ann jorgensen and lotte olsen won in three games against brenda conyn and nicole van hooren  .  meanwhile  ,  the defending champions sweden beat germany  -   ,  with the german open mixed doubles champions michael keck and karen stechmann scoring the sole success for the underdogs by beating peter axelsson and catrine bengtsson who holds the european mixed title with denmark 's michael sogaard  .  england  ,  candidates for the bronze medal  ,  overcame scotland  -   ,  with the national champion julia mann  ,  who two weeks ago was denied great britain 's second women 's singles place in atlanta by anne gibson  ,  now beating the scottish champion  -   ,   -   .  russia  ,  who could also be in serious contention for third place  ,  were too good for poland  ,  also winning  -   .  ur	england women open european england scotland national great britain women place place good	expand
1752787	matches  ,  but mohammad azharuddin 's men eased into the final with a net run - rate of  -  .  against pakistan 's  -  .   .  south africa ensured their fourth successive win in their maiden appearance at this desert venue when freak left - arm spinner paul adams grabbed three wickets to restrict india to for eight  .  the  - year - old  ,  whose unusual bowling action attracted world - wide attention when he made his debut against england earlier this year  ,  sliced through india 's middle - order in his first match of the tournament  .  adams began by having azharuddin stumped in his second over  ,  and later removed opener vikram rathore and nayan mongia as india slipped to for six by the th over  .  ajay jadeja retreived india 's position with a quickfire off balls in the company of the lower - order batsmen who helped him add in the last overs  .  rathore  ,  playing only his second one - dayer  ,  held his end up till the th over amidst a flurry of wickets at the other end to s	run south left year world made england year order company order end end	expand
1748978	the match  .  but waikato  ,  with the advantage of the wind  ,  dominated the rest of the half  .  act failed to make full use of the wind in the second spell and in a spirited finish  ,  waikato were able to hold out to claim their third win in six matches  .  the new zealand side took every opportunity to bring wingers eric rush and norman berryman into the frame  .  berryman made some damaging runs  -  -  one of them featuring two giant sidesteps  -  -  and opened up the act defence for flanker duane monkley to score  .  first five - eighth warren burton 's conversion took the home side to a  -  lead and burton added a penalty to take the score to  -  at the break  .  act  ,  despite losing skipper brett robinson through injury after minutes  ,  rallied well with some fine scrambling defence  .  after a penalty by first five - eighth adam friend in the second half  ,  act regained the lead when lock john langford finished off a concerted attack by bullocking over for a converted try  .  but a try by second five - eight	half act make full side made act home side lead act minutes half act lead john	expand
1752909	d been stopped on the line  ,  and defender decroix had in fact hit home the rebound from yards  .  both of nantes ' injury doubts n'doram and nicolas ouedec  ,  who injured his thigh  ,  returned to action in this fixture  .  chad midfielder n'doram  ,  out for five weeks with a fractured shin  ,  had an impressive game  .  n'doram was put at centre forward with striker partners ouedec on the left and poland 's roman kosecki on the right  .  five minutes after the break  ,  portuguese import paulo sousa made sure of juventus place in the final  .  sousa  ,  fed by vialli  ,  found the net after finding himself one - on - one with keeper dominique casagrande  .  n'doram made the most of a defensive mistake to hit home their second equaliser in the th minute  .  ferrara 's poor clearance saw the ball knocked back towards their area  ,  and n'doram raced through  ,  scoring left - footed in - off the post  .  then striker franck renou hit nantes ' winner on the night in the nd minute  ,  but it was mere consolation over the t	home put centre left made place found made home back area left post	expand
1755030	rg after starting nervously  ,  south africa snatched a th - minute lead against the run of play when masinga headed a deep corner from khumalo over ze maria into the net  .  american - based khumalo added a second three minutes before half - time  ,  volleying a weak brazilian clearance into the corner past slow - reacting goalkeeper dida  .  stunned brazil introduced ze elias into midfield for the second half and his presence brought life to a team containing only two survivors from the world cup - winning team  .  impressive flavio conceicao reduced arrears in the th minute  ,  controlling a pass from savio before slamming a left - foot shot past andre arendse  .  as south africa pressed forward  ,  huge gaps developed at the back and rivaldo took full advantage to level after minutes by rounding john moeti and driving the ball across arendse into the far corner  .  spanish - based forward bebeto wasted a good chance with only arendse to beat before making amends with five minutes left when he volley	south based minutes time life team world team left south back minutes based good minutes left	expand
1754698	ive series against sacramento  .  football vialli unsure of future rome juventus may lose their star forward gianluca vialli  ,  whose contract with the turin club expires in june  .  vially  ,  who has ruled himself out of the italian team for euro '  ,  says he is open to the idea of staying with juventus but believes the club is ready to let him go  .  nelsinho quits verdy kawasaki tokyo brazil 's nelsinho resigned as head coach of verdy kawasaki  ,  taking the blame for the club 's poor performance in the j - league since losing the championship last year  .  kawasaki president motoki morishita said he would look for another south american to take charge at the club  .  in the meantime  ,  senior coach yasuyuiki koshino is at the helm  .  united skipper bruce eyes comeback manchester inspirational central defender steve bruce says he is hoping to return from injury in time to help manchester united 's bid for an unprecedented second double  .  bruce will miss sunday 's game against nottingham forest	future club june team open club club year south club united manchester time manchester united	expand
1749785	he pakistanis by runs in a high - scoring match that saw sanath jayasuriya crack the fastest one - day century off a mere balls  .  but the next day the newly - crowned world champions lost by runs against india  ,  who were then knocked out of the tournament friday by pakistan  ,  who looked a different side altogether in notching up an eight - wicket triumph  .  aamir sohail 's men beat the indians by eight wickets with a supremely - confident performance  ,  fielding and batting brillantly in a rain - marred match to earn the right to meet sri lanka on the run - rate  .  the  - year - old ranatunga said his side were undeterred by the defeat at the hands of the indians  ,  who they trounced twice in the world cup before going on to capture the trophy at the expense of australia in the lahore final  .   "  we have lost our winning streak but even the best have to lose sometime so we hope we can turn around and win the final  ,   "  the skipper said  .  who they faced sunday did not matter  ,  added ranatunga  ,  who c	high day day world lost side performance meet run year side world final lost final	expand
1754554	scored a tie - breaking goal and assisted on another to lift vancouver past colorado  -  here monday in the national hockey league playoffs  .  the canucks evened their best - of - seven western conference quarter - final with the avalanche at two victories each  .  esa tikkanen had a goal and an assist and alexander mogilny had three assists for vancouver  ,  which defeated colorado for the first time in four home games this season  .  canucks ' goaltender corey hirsch made saves  .  in other games  ,  florida beat boston  -  and pittsburgh downed washington  -   .  dave lowry scored goals apart midway through the second period and ray sheppard added a goal and three assists to give florida a  -  series edge over the bruins  ,  who host the next games wednesday and thursday  .  mario lemieux set up four goals and tom barrasso stopped shots to lead the penguins  ,  who lost the first two games on home ice but could draw even with a victory wednesday  .  the capitals played jim carey in goal rather than s	past national time home games made games period give series games set games home	expand
1751738	n in major championships  ,  fired a three - under par friday and his  - under par total through two rounds was four strokes better than faldo  ,  who had not played alongside norman in a major since a decisive third round pairing in the british open  .  both lost ground to the field in the early going at augusta national golf club  .  at the turn saturday  ,  faldo was even for the day after four birdies  ,  to bogeys and a double bogey that left him eight - under for the tournament  .  norman 's lead fell to three strokes after back - to - back bogeys on the third and fourth and a birdie at the eighth  .  phil mickelson was in third  ,  five strokes behind norman through holes  .  they each fell apart on the par - four  - yard third hole  ,  going over the green  .  faldo took double bogey  .  norman made his second bogey in a row  .  faldo birdied the second  ,  made bogey on the fourth  ,  birdied the fifth and bogeyed the seventh  .  both players birdied the eighth to keep norman 's original lead intact as	major major british open early national club day lead back back made made lead	expand
1753704	laps  .   "  doohan  ,  who won the indonesian grand prix two weeks ago  ,  ended seventh fastest  ,   . sec off criville  ,  who averaged  .  kilometers per hour  .  mph on the  . km  .  mile suzuka circuit  .  italian doriano romboni on an aprilia was second fastest at  .  and jean michele bayle of france third on a yamaha with  .   .  all riders managed to improve their qualifying times in sunshine following a rain - drenched first session the day before  .   "  i 'm really happy because it 's at honda 's home track  ,   "  said criville  ,  whose last win came at the european grand prix in barcelona last october  .  he was fourth in indonesia after crashing out in the season - opening malaysian grand prix  .  romboni gave the aprilia rs - v its first - ever front row start  .   "  i was with doohan for a while and i had no trouble catching him through the turns  ,   "  he said  .   "  i was confident of a front row start once we 'd got the front forks working and chosen the right tyres  .   "  australia	weeks improve times day home european october front start front start front working	expand
1755456	huber will take on japanese number one kimiko date in the opening singles match on the hard court of the ariake coliseum  ,  followed by graf  ,  who will play naoko sawamatsu  .  graf and huber are scheduled to play the last doubles match against ai sugiyama and kyoko nagatsuka after two reverse singles on sunday  ,  but they can be replaced as substitutions are allowed up to one hour before the doubles begins  .  graf said the final decision would be made after the four singles matches  .  graf holds a perfect  -  won - loss record against date  ,  ranked seventh this week  ,  and is  -  against sawamatsu  ,  ranked th  .  huber has a  -  record against date and  -  against sawamatsu  .  date surprised graf by taking one set off the german in their first meeting at key biscayne four years ago  ,  and lost narrowly  -   ,   -  to graf in the quarter - finals this year  .   "  i must change my play against steffi after playing anke on the first day  ,  but if i do n't play percent  ,  i 'm no match for steff	number date play play made date week date date set years year change play day play	expand
1755876	championship in a row if they beat aberdeen at ibrox on sunday  .  if not  ,  then the contest will go to the last saturday next week  ,  when celtic are at home to raith and rangers visit kilmarnock  .  goals from pierre van hooydonk two  ,  portuguese star jorge cadete and malky mackay guaranteed the three points for celtic  ,  who were twice behind as thistle struck through nicky henderson and andy lyons  .  dutch ace van hooydonk has now netted goals in his first full season in scotland after an afternoon in which celtic had to display all the courage which has characterised their championship chase  .  celtic manager tommy burns said he will be on a jet - ski on loch lomond when rangers attempt to seal his side 's title fate  .   "  obviously you want to win something  -  -  and that might happen yet  ,   "  said burns whose side have completed the season unbeaten in away fixtures  ,  the first time they have achieved that for years  .   "  i believe we have matched an unbeaten away record set some	week home visit full season scotland side side season time years set	expand
1753792	n league title in five seasons  ,  but were left to rue a second half penalty  .  milan defender paolo maldini broke the deadlock in the th minute  ,  but all hope of sealing the title on saturday evaporated when milan - born paolo cristallino converted a spot - kick for torino just minutes before time  .  inter milan  ,  widely fancied to win after juventus sealed their place in the european cup final in midweek  ,  were a goal down after just five minutes  .  former sampdoria wing attilio lombardo opened the scoring and antonio conte made it  -  early in the second half  ,  but despite plenty of second - half pressure from roy hodgson 's inter and a late strike from maurizio ganz  ,  there was no equaliser  .  third - placed fiorentina were  -  winners over atalanta  ,  in a dry - run for the forthcoming italian cup final  ,  while the place to be for goals was genoa  ,  where sampdoria drew  -  with lazio  ,  italian international giuseppe signori scoring twice  .  parma moved up to fourth after a  -  victory over ba	left half minutes time place final minutes made early half half run final place international	expand
1750226	monday that they would not play in this summer 's uefa cup qualifying tournament the intertoto cup  .   "  we must retain our pride and therefore we will not take part in such a competition  ,   "  said lorenzo sanz the real president  .  real madrid have made a disappointing defence of their title  ,  they lie seventh points adrift of leaders and bitter rivals atletico madrid  ,  and replaced their argentinian coach jorge valdano in january with former deportivo la coruna coach arsenio iglesias  .  there have been reports that real madrid are interested in hiring ac milan coach fabio capello for next season  .  uefa launched the intertoto cup last year as a way of encouraging more european clube to try and qualify for the uefa cup  .  although some clubs only made a half hearted effort  ,  hiring lower division players  ,  and the matches were played in near empty stadia  ,  bordeaux of france are on the verge of qualifying for the uefa cup final  .  they hold a  -  lead over slavia prague after the semi - fina	play cup cup part real real made january real cup year european cup made half cup final	expand
1753309	siro  .  the formbook certainly makes ac milan champions by saturday night  ,  with torino destined for the drop after winning just five of their matches this season  .  milan are likely to be without montenegro playmaker dejan savicevic  ,  who has pulled a thigh muscle  .  juventus  ,  meanwhile  ,  have made clear they consider the championship over and done with  ,  as they concentrate on the european cup  .  they face holders ajax in the may final in rome after beating nantes in midweek  .  despite two defeats on the trot  ,  fiorentina are still third in the table and sitting pretty  .  a uefa cup slot  ,  should they need it  ,  is taken as read and they are runaway favourites to win the italian cup and therefore qualify for the european cup winners cup  .  they meet cup final opponents  ,  mid - table atalanta  ,  in a league clash on saturday  .  lazio take on sampdoria in what could be the match of the weekend  ,  and also one of the most entertaining of the season  .  lazio have the best attack in italy  ,  with	saturday season made clear european cup final table cup read cup european cup cup meet cup final table saturday season	expand
1754065	nning the title evaporated when french defender marcel desailly tripped vincenzo sommese inside the area  .  paolo cristallino stepped up to convert the spot - kick for torino  ,  put up for sale earlier in the week and threatened with relegation for only the third time in their history  .  coach fabio capello was not dismayed by the result  ,  saying  "  i 'm happy because matches like that one can end up being lost  .  and i 've always been one to keep my feet on the ground and not be fooled into celebrating too early  .   "  roy hodgson 's inter milan were a goal down after just five minutes  .  attilio lombardo connected with michele padovano 's inch - perfect cross from the right wing  ,  and antonio conte made it  -  early in the second half  .  despite england midfielder paul ince hitting the post after a fine run through the juve defence and a late strike from maurizio ganz  ,  the champions held on  .  french league leaders auxerre handed the advantage back to rivals paris saint germain as they were held	area put week time history end early made early held back held	expand
1751759	int as rangers moved closer to winning their eighth scottish premier title in a row  .  andersen scored a hat - trick in the  -  victory over partick that gave the rangers a  - point lead over celtic  .  off the pitch  ,  rangers chairman david murray set tongues wagging when he said the club had a  -  chance of signing vialli  .  massaro hat - trick tokyo italian international daniele massaro scored the first j - league hat - trick of the season to help schimizu s - pulse to a  -  victory over bellmare hiratsuka  .  massaro  ,  who scored three goals in nine games last season  ,  has six goals already this season  .  argentine striker fernando nicolas oliva netted twice for s - pulse  .  rugby queensland go top of super brisbane wallaby second rower john eales lifted queenland to the top of the super rugby union series with five penalty goals in a  -  win over new south wales  .  the reds  ,  who played for all but seven minutes with men after damian smith was sent off for a high tackle  ,  joined auckla	point set club international season season season top john top series south high	expand
1752589	prague  -  on tuesday to win through to the uefa cup final where they will face bayern munich after a marathon  - match campaign  .  bayern 's markus babbel and marcel witeczek earned their side 's final berth by scoring in a dramatic  -  win over barcelona at the nou camp to qualify for the final of the only european competition they have never won  .  didier tholot  ,  out for much of the season after hip  ,  knee and rib problems following a car crash  ,  scored bordeaux 's winner for a  -  aggregate victory  .  midfielder ivan de la pena hit a consolation effort for barcelona with three minutes to go to reduce the overall deficit to  -  behind in front of a  ,  - strong nou camp crowd  .  nantes face juventus in the european champions cup semi - final on wednesday  ,  and psg play deportivo la coruna in the cup winners cup as french clubs stayed on course for an unprecedented triple  .  but the night belonged specifically to bordeaux coach gernot rohr and his team  .  an elated rohr said afterwards	cup final face side final final european problems car minutes face european cup final play cup cup team	expand
1754768	ith the flames on sunday  ,  scored his first nhl goal into the second period  .  elsewhere in the western conference quarter - finals  ,  sergei fedorov tied a team record with four assists and six different players scored as the detroit red wings rolled over the winnipeg jets  -   ,  to take a three games to one lead  .  jon casey came within of a shutout and finished with saves and shayne corson and brian noonan scored two goals apiece as the st .  louis blues dumped the toronto maple leafs  -  to take a  -  lead  .  wayne gretzky had three assists for the blues  ,  who split the first two games in toronto before winning the last two games at home  .  at tampa bay  ,  john leclair scored twice after missing a game with a knee injury and ron hextall made saves  ,  leading the philadelphia flyers to a  -  victory over the lightning and squaring their eastern conference quarter - final series at two games apiece  .  the game was played before  ,   ,  the largest crowd in nhl history  .  the new yor	conference team games lead lead games games home john game made conference series games game history	expand
1749909	w zealand started uncomfortably losing opening batsmen nathan astle and craig spearman in successive balls within the first four overs  ,  leaving the score on for two  .  fleming  ,  who completed his maiden century in the kiwis ' four - wicket win in the second match of the series  ,  gathered off balls while germon  ,  the new zealand captain  ,  made off balls to turn his side 's fortunes around  .  the pair shared off balls for the third wicket  ,  but when germon became the first of three wickets for left - arm spinner jimmy adams in the th over  ,  the pendulum once more swung west indies ' way  .  new zealand slid to for eight in the rd over as adams finished with a career best three for off ten overs  .  but an unbroken ninth wicket stand of between chris harris  -  -  not out off balls  -  -  and justin vaughan gave the new zealanders life towards the end of the innings and led them to a total which sets the unstable west indian batting a stiff challenge  .  if new ze	century series made turn side left west life end total west	expand
1753278	s goalscoring hero with a double against a disappointing feyenoord  ,  who were seeking to win the cup to complete a clean sweep of european trophies  ,  side in vienna  .  the  - year - old shrugged off a knock on the head seconds after the kick off to escape his marker and open the scoring in the second minute  .  the game was over as a contest on minutes as christian stumpf fired home a second  .  a jancker volley two minutes later put the game beyond the reach of the demoralised dutch  .   "  the team played so well they did n't need me today  ,   "  enthused rapid coach ernst dukopil after the game  .   "  the third goal was decisive  ,  as feyenoord were completely out of it by half - time  .  they under - estimated us  .   "  dutch counterpart arie haan said ruefully  "  it started badly for us  -  -  first corner  ,  first goal  .   "  as rapid look forward to their second final in the competition having lost to england 's everton in  ,  there were joyful scenes at the parc des princes as delirious paris saint germain	year open game minutes home minutes put game team today game time england	expand
1749925	eir way through to a place in the scottish cup final on may through an amazing injury - time winner over aberdeen by allan johnston at hampden park on saturday  .  pele to father test - tube baby rio de janiero brazilian football legend  "  pele  "  could become a father for the fourth time after doctors announced on saturday that his second wife asiiria seixas was pregnant by in - vitro fertilization  .  gascoigne on course for award glasgow paul gascoigne is likely to underline his claims for a top player - of - the - year award in his first season in scotland on sunday  .  formula one hill takes pole aiming for third win buenos aires  ,  argentina britain 's damon hill put his williams ' renault in pole position for the second weekend running  ,  hoping to make sunday 's argentine grand prix his third victory this year  .  hill grabs pole position buenos aires britain 's damon hill in a williams - renault will start the argentinian grand prix in pole position as he heads for his third straight win thi	place time time award top year award hill britain hill put position make year hill position britain hill position	expand
1755893	the two saives  -  in the third game and complete the french success  .  the french women were beaten  -  but there were moments when it seemed they might upset the defending champions russia  ,  especially when a win for the former national champion  ,  the chinese - born wang - drechou  ,  put the french  -  up  .  drechou destroyed elena timina  ,  the normally durable defender who won the olympic qualifying tournament in manchester in january  ,  by  -   ,   -   .  earlier emanuelle coubat had also beaten timina and the improving anne boileau had done well to beat the other well - known russian defender irina palina  .  but palina came from behind to beat coubat in three games  ,  the russians were superior in the doubles as expected  ,  and galina melnik won twice  .  the second of her successes came in the decider against boileau  ,  who fought hard to save three game points in the first game against melnik 's close - to - the - table hitting and counter - hitting  ,  and then faded to a  -   ,   -   .  	game complete french french women national put french won january won hard game game close	expand
1748442	ten by james brayshaw guided south australia past the follow - on in a war of attrition with western australia in the sheffield shield cricket final here monday  .  chasing western australia 's first innings of for nine declared  ,  south australia were for seven at the close of the third day in the five - day final  .  former test paceman brendon julian lifted western australia 's victory hopes by taking three wickets including those of century - maker paul nobes and captain jamie siddons  .  he finished the day with  -   .  needing to avoid the follow - on  ,  south australia  ,  who as competition leaders only have to draw to win the shield  ,  slumped to for seven when damien martyn had test spinner tim may caught at short cover  .  brayshaw and jason gillespie saw them through to stumps  ,  but the home side still needs more runs to have a real chance of avoiding defeat and landing their first title in seasons  .  opening batsman nobes was the pick of south australia 's batsmen on monday	south australia follow australia final monday australia south australia day day final test australia including day follow south australia test home real south australia monday	expand
1753849	is summer saying on saturday that life would not be easy with him around  .   "  ian might have a role in the future but we wo n't be using him this season  ,   "  insisted illingworth  .  golf carter and russell surge ahead cannes  ,  france scotland 's raymond russell and england 's david carter surged four strokes clear of the field after the third round at the cannes golf open on saturday  .  they came in  - under - par on after ex - walker cup amateur russell shot a third round and carter  ,  a former soldier in the south african army  ,  followed up his course record with a  .  roberts matches record to snatch lead hilton head island  ,  south carolina loren roberts fired an eight - under - par here saturday  ,  matching the  - hole tournament record  ,  to snatch a four - stroke lead at the  .  million - dollar pga heritage classic  .  roberts sank a  - foot birdie putt on the final hole to stand at  - under - par on  .  roberts matched the course record with a on the front nine  ,  sinking five con	saturday life future england david round open saturday round south record record lead south saturday record lead record	expand
1751648	ulse to a  -  win over bellmare hiratsuka on saturday  .  massaro  ,  who hit three goals in nine games last year  ,  has six goals already this season  .  new argentine striker fernando nicolas oliva netted twice for s - pulse  .  leaders yokohama flugels conceded their first goal of the season  ,  but brazilians evair and sampaio each scored to secure a  -  win over kashiwa reysol which took their side 's winning streak to a j - league record of seven consecutive wins  .  kashima antlers and nagoya grampus eight are hot on flugels ' tails after beating defending champions yokohama marinos  -  and gamba osaka  -  respectively  .  brazilian international leonardo was on target for antlers while dragan stojkovic returned from suspension to score his third goal of the season for grampus eight  .  verdy kawasaki beat urawa red diamonds  -   ,  while sanfrecce hiroshima downed kyoto purple sanga  -  with the help of two goals by south korean noh jung - yoon  .  former argentine international pedro antonio troglio sco	win saturday games year season season win side record international season red south international	expand
1751221	milan  ,  who needed two own goals to beat cagliari  -  in midweek  ,  will be counting on liberian george weah passing a fitness to provide the missing punch up front  .  fifa 's world player of the year suffered a broken arm in milan 's shock uefa cup exit last month at the hands of bordeaux  ,  and has been deeply upset by the factional fighting in his native monrovia  .  but coach fabio capello is confident the striker will put that behind him on sunday  ,  when they start their last five matches of the season  .  second placed juventus  ,  who will aim to book their place in the european cup final next week when they travel to nantes  ,  play on saturday night against in - form sampdoria  .  fabrizio ravanelli  ,  scorer of the juventus equaliser in wednesday night 's  -  win over udinese  ,  still believes the reigning champions have a chance of retaining their title  .  but not much of a chance  .  despite notching their sixth consecutive victory in midweek  ,  their eighth including the champions league  ,  ra	provide world year put book place week night form night including	expand
1752858	to show for its massive and costly effort since to move cambodia away from two decades of war and genocide and toward democracy  .  the house of representatives passed a non - binding resolution march expressing concern at human rights violations in cambodia and urging washington to raise the issue at a donors ' meeting in june  .  among specific concerns  ,  the resolution cited the arrest and exile of former foreign minister prince sirivudh  ,  mob attacks against pro - opposition newspapers  ,  and a grenade attack against an opposition party  .  it also noted  "  rampant official corruption in the cambodian government  .  .  .  as a major cause of public dissatisfaction  ,  which in turn has resulted in the government crackdown against these outspoken opposition politicians and the press  .   "  the resolution urged secretary of state warren christopher to support un human rights monitoring in cambodia and called for the united states to raise human rights concerns at an international donors ' conferenc	show house march human rights june government public government support human rights human rights international	expand
1754077	er confirmed his reputation as the  "  king of clay  "  by beating chilean marcelo rios  -   ,   -   ,   -   ,   -  in sunday 's final at the barcelona open  .  muster 's experience and baseline consistency ultimately wore down the fiery  - year from santiago  ,  who lost the fourth and deciding set on a double - fault after losing three consecutive service games  .  muster  ,  french open champion and winner of eleven clay court tournaments last year  ,  is currently embroiled in a struggle to defend a massive  ,  atp clay - court tour points  .  these points represent his string of tournament successes which brought him high - profile titles in monaco  ,  rome and at roland garros  .  he has already won clay events in mexico and estoril this season sampras beats reneberg tokyo pete sampras consolidated his reinstated world number - one ranking by beating fellow american richey reneberg to regain the men 's singles title at the japan open on sunday  .  sampras gave few chances to his rd - ranked compatriot and	sunday open experience year set service open court year court high world number open sunday	expand
1749491	e goey just after the hour  .  psg  ,  cup favourites after knocking out parma in the previous round  ,  gave spanish - born coach luis fernandez a much needed boost as his side has faltered recently in the french league title campaign  .   "  whether a goal comes in the first or th minutes is irrelevant  ,  it 's solely the result that matters and we got one tonight  ,   "  a delighted fernandez said afterwards  .  paris  ,  missing injured brazilian playmaker rai  ,  had prior to djorkaeff 's spectacular effort had goalkeeper bernard lama to thank for keeping them in the match with two brilliant double saves  .  at the start of the first half he saved from adolfo aldana and then deflected the follow - up shot from brazilian world cup star bebeto which paul le guen hacked away  .  lama then denied captain francisco fran  ,  blocking his effort and recovering to cut out a cross which would have left bebeto a simple header  .  former barcelona striker aitor beguiristain should have scored after lama parried fran 's sh	side recently minutes result start half world paul left simple	expand
1749927	st the germans who lost saturday 's doubles tie against france to bow out of the davis cup  .  magnificent italy take the lead rome andrea gaudenzi and diego nargiso fought back heroically from two sets down to win the doubles and give italy a  -  lead over south africa in their davis cup tie here on saturday  .  sweden take unbeatable  -  lead over india calcutta sweden defeated india in four sets in the doubles here saturday to take an unbeatable  -  lead in their davis cup quarterfinal  .  hilton head semis washed out hilton head  ,  south carolina rain washed out the semi - finals of the  ,  - dollar wta tournament here on saturday  ,  forcing the games to be put back a day to precede sunday 's final  .  rowing cambridge victory for british talent london with only one american in their crew cambridge flew the flag for british rowing with a fourth straight boat race triumph over outclassed oxford on saturday  .  squash khan makes fifth successive final cardiff jansher khan  ,  the legend	saturday lead back give lead south saturday lead saturday lead head head south saturday back day final british london british saturday final	expand
1756040	policy of the united states which makes terrorist accusations against anybody opposed to its hegemony and the policy of surrender it seeks to impose on arab countries  .   "  the un security council voted friday to impose diplomatic sanctions on sudan to punish it for its alleged support of terrorism  .   "  after iraq and libya  ,  it 's now the turn of sudan  ,   "  jana said  ,  accusing the united states and israel of planning to  "  strangle arab countries one after the other  .   "  libya came under a un flight embargo and economic and military sanctions in after it refused to hand over to the united states or britain two suspects in the lockerbie bombing  .  sudan  ,  for its part  ,  is accused of harbouring three moslem militants wanted for an attempt to assassinate egyptian president hosni mubarak during a visit to ethiopia last june  .  jana said  "  even though sudan condemned the assassination attempt  ,  it has not been spared by washington  .   "  it also accused the united states of encouraging	policy united states policy countries council support united states countries united states britain part visit june united states	expand
1755872	lize a minute before half - time  .  dortmund  ,  who have five games to play  ,  also have a game in hand over their rivals  .  munich  ,  watched by gernot rohr  ,  coach of uefa cup final opponents bordeaux  ,  suffered their third home defeat of the season and also their third successive home match without a win  .  nigerian international akpoborie found the net in the rd minute in front of  ,  supporters at the olympiastadion to push east german club rostock up to fourth place  .  bayern 's poor showing brought whistles from the crowd at full - time in a match where they were disorganised in defence and failed to create chances  .  the lower clubs had a good day when second - from - bottom eintracht frankfurt and fifth - from - bottom cologne both won  -   .  markus schupp scored for frankfurt at home to bremen  ,  and veteran year old austrian international toni polster hit the winner in cologne 's victory over stuttgart  .  fifth - placed karlsruhe beat bayer leverkeusen  -  through manfred bender and michael	time home home international found club place full time good day home year international	expand
1752051	arch - rivals pakistan here monday  .  tendulkar made and sidhu while adding for the second wicket  -  -  india 's highest ever stand in one - day internationals  -  -  after skipper mohammad azharuddin won the toss and elected to bat  .  india  ,  who lost both their matches in the first leg of the preliminary league  ,  need a win to stay in the hunt for a place in the final of the three - nation event also featuring unbeaten south africa  .  pakistan will have to score the runs in overs  ,  having been penalised two overs by match referee ranjan madugalle of sri lanka for a slow over - rate  .  the record stand  ,  after debutant vikram rathore was removed with the score on nine  ,  surpassed india 's previous best of for the first wicket by ravi shastri and krish srikkanth against england in cuttack in  .  the  - year - old tendulkar  ,  already a veteran of matches  ,  hit eight boundaries and two sixes in his eighth one - day century  .  opening the innings  ,  he batted until the first ball of the	made day place final event south rate record england year day	expand
1753800	on saturday  .  second - placed derby failed to beat birmingham  ,  drawing  -  at the baseball ground  ,  which means sunday 's match against stoke will attract a bumper crowd in party mood at roker park  .  when derby finally broke the deadlock in the th minute through winger paul simpson  ,  it looked like peter reid 's sunderland would be pushed all the way to the line  .  but birmingham refused to lie down and stunned the  ,  crowd when gary breen grabbed the equaliser  .  derby now face a struggle to hold onto the runners - up spot after palace 's surge continued with a  -  win at wolves  .  after wolves had created the early openings  ,  palace skipper david hopkin  ,  having earlier fired high and wide from a decent opening  ,  robbed simon osborn just outside the penalty area and went round dean richards to score with a low left - foot shot on the half - hour  .  and the visitors got a crucial second goal minutes into the second half after a long - range effort by andy roberts looped skywards and bruc	means park line early high area left half half long range	expand
1755850	the premiership on saturday following a day of vastly differing fortunes for the two clubs  .  with leaders manchester united at home to nottingham forest on sunday and second - placed newcastle playing at leeds on monday  ,  attention was focussed on the premiership 's relegation battles  .  bolton lost  -  at home to southampton to go straight back into england 's first division after a year in the top flight  .  second - from - bottom qpr  ,  despite a rousing  -  win at home to west ham  ,  ended their  - year stay in the premiership  .  both clubs were unfortunate  .  manchester city  ,  coventry and southampton all won to widen the gap at the bottom  .  ian wright 's penalty equaliser for arsenal in a  -  draw at blackburn meant it is likely to be a straight dogfight between the two clubs for fifth spot and the last uefa cup place  .  scottish international kevin gallacher found the net for blackburn in the th minute  .  blackburn were later reduced to men when william mckinlay was sent off in the nd m	day home home back england year top home year city place international found	expand
1751709	it two when he hit the post five minutes later  .  but the saints ' constant pressure was rewarded on minutes when neil shipperley fired home his th goal of the season from a cross by former newcastle defender alan neilson  ,  who caught ryan giggs in possession on the edge of the box  .  dave merrington 's battling side stunned the title favourites yet again when shipperley set up le tissier for the third on minutes  ,  the mercurial plamaker driving in after schmeichel missed a cross  .  shell - shocked united changed their dull grey strip to blue at the break and threw on paul scholes for nicky butt  ,  but still failed to shine  ,  after the break  ,  the visitors stemed the flow but failed to make any impact up front until giggs grabbed a late consolation from a philip neville cross  .  at highfield road  ,  nervous coventry and queens park rangers walked a relegation tightrope for more than an hour with kevin gallen twice hitting the bar for the visitors  .  but with minutes remaining  ,  forme	post minutes minutes home cross side set minutes cross visitors make cross road park visitors minutes	expand
1751837	e people are unjustified  ,  and western countries and above all the united states which supports israel must intervene to avoid this massacre  .   "  israel launched a massive military operation against bases of the iranian - backed hezbollah in southern and eastern lebanon and beirut on thursday in an attempt to halt guerrilla rocket attacks against northern israel  .  at least people have been killed and wounded in the bombardments  .  velayati  ,  quoted by iranian radio  ,  added that  "  international public opinion must ask why lebanon  .  .  .  should be put under pressure in such a way  .   "  iranian president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani urged moslem and arab countries on saturday to take joint action to protect the lebanese  .  rafsanjani deplored the  "  silence of international authorities and defenders of human rights in the face of israel 's savage attacks  .   "  us secretary of state warren christopher on saturday called on hezbollah guerrillas to halt their campaign against israel  ,  effectively	people countries people international public put countries saturday action international human state saturday called	expand
1749900	y beat cremonese  -  away  .  on a roll from their  -  european cup semi - final victory over nantes in midweek  ,  juventus were again in debt to their restless skipper gianluca vialli  .  vialli  ,  who scored the first goal against the french but who is considering leaving the club at the end of the season  ,  scored a magnificent th minute winner  .  ruggiero rizzitelli had put torino in front  ,  but teammate sean sogliano cancelled it out with an own goal before vialli slipped his marker with a neat feint  ,  and then fired in a blistering shot from just inside the right hand side of the box  .  milan were sorely missing their liberian striker george weah  ,  fifa 's world player of the year  ,  who is still recovering after breaking an arm in last month 's uefa cup defeat to bordeaux  .  it was a bitter disappointment for captain franco baresi  ,  playing his st match for milan at the san siro stadium and equalling the club record set by the legendary gianni rivera  .  florence was clearly the place to	european club end put side world year st club set place	expand
1754642	ctory over canterbury crusaders at ellis park here on tuesday  .  even though they lost francois pienaar after an hour 's play  ,  the skipper retiring with more damage to the broken nose he suffered against northern transvaal  ,  the transvaal side will be well pleased with their seven - try rout of the new zealanders  .  springbok hooker james dalton led the way with two first - half tries to add to two conversions and a pair of penalties from full - back gavin lawless  ,  giving transvaal a  -  lead at half time after andy miller had responded with two penalties  .  it was in the second half  ,  with the thin highveld atmosphere starting to tell on the canterbury pack  ,  that the home side cut loose  .  tries from lawless  ,  winger pieter hendriks  ,  no gerhard combrinck and scrum - half johan roux and a penalty try awarded by referee stef neethling underlined the transvaal dominance  .  lawless added two penalties and converted two of the tries to end the game with a personal tally of points  .  but in can	park play side half full back half time half home side half end personal	expand
1752406	nce  ,  completed their league engagements with a lone win from four matches and facing almost certain eliminatation from friday 's final  .  pakistan 's slim hopes of qualifying for the title clash on a superior run - rate rest on south africa defeating india  ,  who also have one win from three matches  ,  by more than runs in the last league game on wednesday  .  in the first leg  ,  the indians lost to the south africans by runs  .  cronje 's in - form team proved too strong for the pakistanis despite resting two key players  ,  star allrounder brian mcmillan and batsman daryll cullinan  .  the pakistanis  ,  low on morale after monday 's stunning defeat against arch - rivals india  ,  failed to run up a big score against the steady south african bowling away when skipper aamer sohail won the toss and elected to take first strike  .  useful contributions from sohail  ,  rameez raja and inzamam - ul haq lifted pakistan to a promising for two by the th over  ,  before the middle - o	win run rate south win game south form team key low run big south	expand
1755024	of a successful euro challenge looking unrealistic  .  both the laudrups goals came during a first - half in which the defending european champions dominated  .  the danes took a seventh minute lead as colin hendry stumbled badly on the right touchline and let mikkel beck  ,  a target of rangers  ,  run past and feed michael laudrup who steered the ball low beyond keeper jim leighton  .  the real madrid star  ,  denmark 's captain  ,  has scored times in appearances for his country  .  denmark added their second after minutes as brothers michael and brian combined together  .  michael 's defence - splitting pass sent brian streaking through and the rangers man rounded leighton to score  .  scotland had veteran keeper leighton to thank for keeping the score to a respectable margin  .  leighton  ,  scotland 's first choice keeper for the world cup finals  ,  saved from beck  ,  lars olsen  ,  marc rieper and michael laudrup before he was replaced by rangers keeper andy goram at halftime  .  although scotl	european run past michael real times country michael michael man scotland scotland world michael	expand
1751899	ory over asec in the ivory coast  ,  then overcame algerian side jeunesse sportive de kabylie in the super cup  .  a capacity  ,  crowd at the free stadium rugby stadium in the central city saw jerry skosana give pirates a st - minute lead with a shot which was deflected past kenyan goalkeeper john busolo  .  recent signing andries sebolo  ,  the leading national scorer two seasons ago  ,  struck the second after minutes  ,  hammering a helman mkhalele pass home from close range  .  mkhalele  ,  a member of the south african nations ' cup - winning squad  ,  ended the match as a contest in the th minute with a low drive into the corner of the net  .  pirates were so dominant on a cool  ,  cloudy afternoon that they substituted skosana  ,  sebola and impressive young midfielder dumisani ngobe after the third goal  .  substitute marc batchelor appeared to have scored a fourth goal for the johannesburg club with time ticking away when he headed in an edward motale cross  ,  but the effort was ruled offside  . 	free city give john national home range south young time	expand
1750937	to his own net  .  matteo villa made it all square just two minutes later  ,  but in the th minute  ,  roberto baggio drove a  - metre free - kick into the cagliari wall and the ball took a wicked deflection off uruguayan teammate dario silva  .  reigning champions juventus  ,  six points behind in second place  ,  had to come from a goal down to beat udinese  -   .  juventus were in trouble after just minutes when giovanni stroppa opened the scoring for the visitors  .  fabrizio ravanelli equalised in the th minute  ,  but juve were down to men for the last half - hour  ,  with defender moreno torricelli getting his marching orders  .  however  ,  the oldest man in the serie a  ,  substitute pietro vierchowod  ,  who celebrated his th birthday on saturday  ,  notched the late winner with a bullet header from gianluca pessotto 's corner  .  with five games left to play  ,  juventus ' chances of keeping their title are now looking increasingly slim  ,  while fiorentina 's all but evaporated in rome  .  skipper beppe	made minutes free place minutes men half man games left play	expand
1754859	st steve davis for a place in the quarter - finals  .  scotland was also getting the better of wales in the other match as drew henry raced to a  -  lead over irish masters champion darren morgan  -  and could have been further ahead but for losing the opening frame on the black  .  world no morgan then moved up a gear to reduce his deficit in the fifth frame and  ,  with more to play  ,  must still fancy his chances of clinching a second round meeting with ken doherty  .  euan henderson  ,  a former electronics engineering student from dundee university  ,  faces jimmy white  ,  a graduate from the school of life  ,  later on wednesday  .  defeat for white will surely confirm him as the greatest player never to have won the game 's most sought after prize  .  henderson  ,  the lowest ranked player in the  - man field  ,  he knows white is a pale imitation of the player that breathed hope into snooker during the last decade when davis was strangling the life out of it  .   "  it 's going to be a tough match but i	place world play meeting university white school life white player player man white player life	expand
1751820	f a minute  ,  the first on david campese  ,  followed by a punch on the defenceless campese  ,  and then his lunge at burke  .  but smith was subsequently cleared of dangerous tackling by a judicial committee which decided the first point of contact was the ball  ,  not above burke 's shoulders  .  in a mistake - ridden match  ,  new south wales gained one bonus point with the only try of the match  ,  three minutes from time  ,  for hooker kevin o'kane  .  but they are now eighth in the table  ,  four points adrift of fourth - placed natal  .  auckland  ,  who went top after last week 's  -  win over northern transvaal  ,  have a match in hand and will play queensland in brisbane on april  .  surprise package australian capital territory continued their march towards next month 's semi - finals with a  -  win over canterbury in christchurch last monday to move into third spot  .  natal  ,  south africa 's leading contender  ,  went down  -  to otago lost ground and hang onto fourth place after they went down  -  in	point contact south point time top week play april march south place	expand
1754579	times to beat wellington hurricanes  -  in their super encounter at newlands here tuesday  .  the home side levelled the try count at three each thanks to a score in the final minute by two - try hero scrumhalf joggie viljoen  .  western province had trailed the visitors by a single point with the scoreboard reading  -  at the interval  .  wellington had taken their nickname to heart in the opening minute and were rewarded with a try from full - back christian cullen  ,  converted by jon preston  .  it was only the boot of western province fly - half joel stransky that kept the home side in the game during the first minutes as he converted four of five attempts  .  twice stransky kicked his side into the lead only to see preston kick two penalties and convert george konia 's try to put wellington back in front  .  but a well - worked try by justin swart  ,  converted by stransky  ,  gave western province some heart at half - time  .  in a mirror image of the first half  ,  wellington stormed across the pro	times home side point heart full back half home side side put back heart half time half	expand
1755007	her very good game  ,   "  said mccarthy  .  the irish competed well in the opening half and manchester city striker niall quinn twice went close with headers  .  paul mcgrath  ,  winning a record nd cap  ,  also came close to snatching the lead just prior to the interval  .  the aston villa man had a first shot blocked and when liverpool 's mark kennedy saw his rebound kicked off the line by miroslav kadlec  ,  mcgrath was inches wide into the side netting  .  but the czechs always looked dangerous and it required heroics from blackburn keeper shay given to deny kuka the opening goal for the czechs after vaclav nemecek had created the opening  .  the irish had appeals for a penalty turned down by the german referee after minutes  .  veteran midfielder ray houghton put denis irwin through on the left but the manchester united man appeared to be pulled down by full - back radoslav latal  .   "  ray was superb and i am not going to discard anyone just because they are  .  he still has a major role to play for	good opening city close close man opening opening put left man full back play	expand
1753822	int lead at the top  ,  milan are still runaway favourites for their fourth italian league title in five seasons  ,  but were left to rue a second half penalty  .  in a match in which milan hit the woodwork three times  ,  defender paolo maldini broke the deadlock in the th minute  .  but title hopes evaporated when french defender marcel desailly tripped vincenzo sommese inside the area  .  milan - born paolo cristallino stepped up to convert the spot - kick for torino  ,  put up for sale earlier in the week and threatened with relegation for only the third time in their history  ,  just minutes before time  .  coach fabio capello was not dismayed by the result  ,  saying  "  i 'm happy because matches like that one can end up being lost  .  and i 've always been one to keep my feet on the ground and not be fooled into celebrating too early  .   "  he added  "  i was n't very pleased in the first half with some of my players  ,  who seemed to already have the celebrations in mind  .  in the second half  ,  we had o	top half times area put week time history time end early half half	expand
1751960	at prompted the danish team chief steen petersen to tell the world number two that he was disappointed with that performance and expected more from him  .  he got it as hoyer outplayed the former european champion darren hall  -  ,  - o  .  the unpredictably gifted left - hander unravelled some delectable disguises with subtle flicks and velvety changes of direction with his smashing against hall  ,  an opponent who had twice taken hime the full distance recently  .  hoyer on this form could probably have won more easily  ,  but for lapses in concentration when leading o -  in the second game  .  england only briefly looked as though they might make progress when simon archer and julie bradbury  ,  the world grand prix runners - up in mixed doubles  ,  led o -  against michael sogaard and rikke olsen  ,  the world 's number eight pair  .  however the danes came back to win  -   ,   -  and thereafter did not not drop a game  .  archer  ,  also a men 's doubles european champion  ,  looked to be hampered by a ligame	team world number european hall hall full form game make world world number back game european	expand
1751951	 -  the first time a semi - professional side has ever gone so far  .  and nimes will hope auxerre win the league which will spell a european cup winners cup spot for them even if they lost the final  .  it was a doubly bad weekend for montpellier when monaco beat metz  -  to oust them from fifth place  ,  currently the last spot for european qualification  .  ramdane scored in the th minute for the third division side to decide this south coast derby and set up a final clash with auxerre on may  .  us quevilly  ,  who were in the french amateur championship  ,  reached the final back in in the best performance by non - professionals before nime 's efforts  .  on saturday  ,  auxerre won  -  on penalties at marseille following tony cascarino 's penalty miss after drawing  -  following extra - time  .  sabri lamouchi had put auxerre ahead in the th minute after corentin martins shot was parried into his path by jerome alonzo  .  but  ,  in the last minute of extra time  ,  marseille 's bernard ferrer equalise	time side european final place european side south set final final back extra time put extra time	expand
1748613	s a substitute in their  -  thrashing of aberdeen on his debut  .  he hit home in the th minute for celtic 's final goal as they cut rangers ' lead at the top of the premier division to just five points  .  cologne part company with coach cologne peter neururer took over the reins at fc cologne in place of stephen engels as the club fights its possible first ever relegation from the bundesliga  .  engels was the second german club coach to be sacked in three days  ,  after the dismissal of eintracht frankfurt 's karl - heinz koerbel  .  fa dampen euro ' pitch fears london the football association insisted that the villa park pitch  ,  which currently resembles a paddy field  ,  will be in perfect condition for the start of euro '  .  scotland play two of their three matches there  ,  opening their group a fixtures on june against holland  .  the state of the pitch for sunday 's fa cup semi - finals drew widespread criticism  ,  but there will be six weeks between villa 's last home game and the sta	home top part company place club club london start group june home	expand
1756070	y beat fiorentina  -  while second - placed juventus drew  -  at as roma  .  with a nine - point lead and two matches remaining this season  ,  milan can no longer be caught by juventus  ,  the defending champions and next month 's european cup finalists  .  milan  ,  trailing at the san siro to an th minute goal by portuguese midfielder rui costa  ,  were back on level terms within a minute through montenegrin playmaker dejan savicevic  .  baggio  ,  who missed a penalty in the world cup final against brazil  ,  converted this spot - kick in first - half injury time after a foul on liberian strike partner george weah  .  baggio celebrated by ripping off his shirt and hoisting it into the air on the end of a corner flag  .  in the second - half  ,  fiorentina hero rui costa turned villain  ,  missing a penalty  ,  shortly before baggio was substituted by marco simone  .  simone rose to the occasion  ,  notching milan 's third and sealing the title in the th minute  .  juventus  ,  playing in the olympic stadium where they	point month european back level terms world half time end half	expand
1749190	e double  .  the reds reached the fa cup final on sunday with an emphatic  -  victory over aston villa and wednesday 's victory now puts them within two points of newcastle 's faltering title challenge  .  liverpool took the lead on a night of end - to - end drama through man - of - the - moment robbie fowler who struck after just two minutes  .  les ferdinand equalised on minutes later with his th of the season before frenchman david ginola gave the magpies the lead moments later  .  fowler  ,  who made his england debut against bulgaria last week  ,  struck his th in a remarkable season  ,  as the home side drew level again minutes after the break  .  within seconds  ,  though  ,  colombian world cup star faustino asprilla had put newcastle back in front with a coolly taken finish from yards out  .  but newcastle 's celebrations were premature as liverpool hit back with two goals from collymore  ,  an  .  million pound signing about  .  million dollars from nottingham forest in the summer  .  the powe	lead end end minutes minutes lead made week home level minutes world back back million million	expand
1749197	rt of a defence which held out against the normally so potent dutch attack  .  panathinaikos argentinian playmaker juan borelli  ,   ,  bossed the midfield throughout and warzycha 's strike partner  ,  substitute georgios georgiadis  ,  also caught the eye as he sparked most of his team 's best moves in the second half  .  panathinaikos  ,  coached by argentinian ramon rocha and who lost to liverpool in the semis  ,  now hope to become the first greek side to reach a european final since their  -  champions ' cup defeat by ajax in in the april return leg in athens  .  in turin  ,  controversy raged immediately after juventus ' win as a furious nantes manager jean - claude suaudeau went on live television to slam vialli as  "  a clown  .   "  english referee dermot gallagher dismissed midfielder bruno carotti right on half time for a second bookable offence after a reckless foul on portuguese midfielder paulo sousa  .  carotti  ,  serge le dizet and reynald pedros will all miss the return leg in a fort	held team half side european april return live english half time return	expand
1755873	hurricanes  -  in the super event here on saturday in front of a packed loftus versfeld crowd  .  and it was a workmanlike performance from the pretoria team whose power  -  -  allied to the thin highveld air  -  -  proved too much for the visiting new zealanders  .  although northern transvaal and wellington both scored two tries  ,  the first half struggled to find any cohesive pattern from either side  .  northerns raced into a  -  lead through a fine third - minute try from flanker ruben kruger  ,  who shook off two tackles to race down the line and round off a move initiated by joost van der westhuizen  .  flyhalf jannie kruger added the extra points to his captain 's try and opened the gap with the first of his two first - half penalties  .  but then tana umaga  ,  using all his bulk and power  ,  surged over to halve the points gap  .  another kruger penalty was almost immediately cancelled out by alex telea 's try while theo van rensburg crossed the line for the first of his two tries  ,  again converted	event performance team power air half find side line points half power points line	expand
1755870	man international karlheinz riedle scored for dortmund six minutes before the break  ,  only for harald spoerl to equalize a minute before half - time  .  dortmund  ,  who have five games to play  ,  also have a game in hand over their rivals  .  munich  ,  watched by gernot rohr  ,  coach of uefa cup final opponents bordeaux  ,  suffered their third home defeat of the season and also their third successive home match without a win  .  nigerian internationl akpoborie found the net in the rd minute in front of  ,  supporters at the olympiastadion to push east german club rostock up to fourth place  .  bayern 's poor showing brought whistles from the crowd at full - time in a match where they were disorganised in defence and failed to create chances  .  the lower clubs had a good day when second - from - bottom eintracht frankfurt and fifth - from - bottom cologne both won  -   .  markus schupp scored for frankfurt at home to bremen  ,  and veteran year old austrian international toni polster hit the winner in cologn	international time home home found club place full time good day home year international	expand
