	target_text	input_text	prefix
3963	l cavuto  ;  reitarated the spin  ,  saying the deficit shrank amid higher taxes and lower government spending  .  he then presented the subject as a debate  .  conservative guest scottie nell hughes said  ,  the sequestration came and it went  ,  and guess what  ?  we still have puppy dogs  ,  and we still have rainbows and lollipops  .  this just shows we need more cuts  ,  and maybe we need some more sequestration to have a better economy  .  predictably  ,  cavuto never brought up some of the real  ,  practical consequences of the sequester that are hurting real americans  .  liberal guest rick ungar did say  ,  look at the percentage of cuts  ,  theyre huge  .  this is a major reduction  .  he credited the deficit shrinkage to  ,  the economy is returning  ,  so you see higher tax revenues coming in when the economy returns  .  higher taxes on exceedingly wealthy people  ,  yes  ,  its playing a role  .  however  ,  ungar also said  ,  were not disagreeing with cutting  .  the cuts should be a little smarter	higher government subject shows economy real real major economy higher tax economy higher people role	expand
15398	ss this with your wife now  -  how cruel would that be . she is about to have your child ,  she needs your support . your lives and relationship are about to change forever anyway . you are about to become a dad  -  and your main emotional priority is that you dont fancy your wife ? maybe step back  -  this moment isnt all about you . or are you trying to punish your wife by making this special moment of the transition to parenthood suddenly all about your sexual feelings ? wait and see how you feel in the future and think about your what your child needs  -  at the moment the child needs a mother who can focus on a healthy birth ,  not whether its father still fancies its mother . i am sorry if that seems harshit's way too soon to panic . sexual attraction waxes and wanes on both sides over the course of a long relationship ;  add on the life changes you're going through and the physical changes caused by her pregnancy ,  and there's every chance this is a temporary problem that will sort itself in the end . talk to y	child support change main back making special child child long life end	expand
12992	he beach ball ,  please . thank you , or maybe it's the ref to blame . either way .  .  . kratosbethyname august pm . get ciffix for chrome . or the person who threw it on to the pitch ? what justice do you want ? if the beach ball goal were disallowed then you would only have been points further away from relegation .  the ref should have not given the goal ,  given that it clearly struck the balloon before going in . anyway ,  this has been done to death . let's agree to disagreewhat was that beach ball doing there ?  ! kratosbethyname august pm . get ciffix for chrome . maybe the ref should have disallowed it ,  but if the ball hadn't been thrown on to the pitch in the first place .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . th placed teams need to worry about how close they were to relegation now ? i know i know . that was stupid . mistakes all round . a liverpool fan was responsible for the beach ball . i wonder what would the ref would have done if it had defected a goal - bound shot around the post . just had a look at that incident and spo	beach ball august pm person beach ball goal goal death beach ball august pm ball place close beach ball goal post	expand
10533	it sideways true ;  and he does seem to be going through the yips right now . but that was not a soft strike by any means . it knocked his hand back . don't think you can change it just yet for england unfortunately . forster is a fine shot stopper ,  but he crumbled under the pressure against juventus earlier in the year ,  and along with ruddy he is untested at this level and has no experience with the england back four . and as we have seen with the likes of ben foster ,  it it far easier to look good as a goalkeeper playing for a poorer team ,  having shot after shot fired at you all the time . what is harder is maintaining concentration for a team at the top level ,  where you are expected to concentrate whilst being out of the game for large periods  -  that's why he failed at man united . alex october am . get ciffix for chrome . and as we have seen with the likes of ben foster ,  it it far easier to look good as a goalkeeper playing for a poorer team ,  having shot after shot fired at you all the	back change england year level experience england back good team time team top level good team	expand
20493	m an admirable quality in a judge .  " you are to be detained for ten years . or do i mean thirty days ? bggered if i know .  " its really easy to criticise both prosecuting counsel and the judge in the neil watson case  -  if you are not bothered to read the actual transcript of the hearing httpwww . crimeline . infouploadscasesneilwilson . pdf . when you do read the transcript ,  it puts an entirely different complexion on the matter . quite right . in fact it would seem that mr wilson did not commit the offence of sexual activity with a child at all ,  at least not on the basis of the evidence relied on by the crown he did not intentionally touch the victim . far from disciplining prosecuting counsel and seeking a review of the sentence ,  it would be more responsible to ask why he was charged in the first place and whether he was advised by his own counsel to plead guilty  -  and if so ,  why ? none of this detracts from the wider points made above ,  but actually this particular case is really one that has	quality years days case read read mr child review place made case	expand
20123	usands of women are murdered and their cases are not investigated by the various corrupt police . pretend this is instead s cambodia ,  and a vigilante is going around killing suspected genocidal maniacs . pretend it's s congo ,  and a vigilante is going around killing suspected raping machete murderers . or i guess if you don't care about any of that ,  i guess pretend to turn a blind eye . another person trying to say that killing innocent men is fine because women get killed . these men weren't ''suspected genocidal maniacs'' . how about people learn to stop raping and killing each other ,  regardless of gender ethnicity religion ? it's not at all found that they were  " innocent "  i know almost nothing about this case ;  i assume if there's a mexican women vigilante muderering bus drivers plus rapemurders ,  then she has good reason . and sure ,  would be great for people to learn that . i wholeheartedly agree . if they were rapists i would have little sympathy for them but there is no evidence th	women police care men women men people learn found case women good great people learn	expand
22446	espread contamination of non - occupationallyexposed people to the deca - bde brominated flame retardant product . worryingly ,  the highest levels found in our non - occupationally exposed volunteers were very similar to those observed in sweden of people occupationally exposed to deca - bde .  we are being contaminated daily by unregulated chemicals of unknown toxicity ,  such as the deca - bde flame retardant . since there is a dearth of knowledge on the levels of brominated flame retardants in the uk population ,  it is not possible to determine any trend in contaminant levels .  pcb contamination is gradually decreasing from levels found in the uk years ago which indicates that strong regulations work .  small numbers of people continue to be exposed and contaminated with high levels of certain chemicals ,  although median levels of some chemicals are decreasing compared with some earlier studies .  volunteers tested in nottingham had the highest median level of total chemical contamination of the che	people levels found people knowledge levels levels levels found years work small people high levels levels studies level	expand
18995	t . this is fun but outdated . setaside finished years ago and a new generation of upland farmers those remaining will be delivering jargon - laden ecosystem services . or jargon free 'public goods' from soil water catchment management ,  landscape partly rewilded to tourism ,  sporting including shooting ,  and carbon storage etc . all good national ecosystem assessment stuff but hardly sexy to write about . but its coming ,  so get used to it . oh ,  who pays ? we do because we currently externalise the environmental cost of food production . something else to get used to  -  higher food prices . have a dig at me blackgulllets all join . i reckon i could not rear pigs in my garden . gm concurs acknowledges this in his book feral his fight is with the subsidy system ,  not the weather beaten weary hill farmerbt  -  i agree we need fewer sheep . that's different to wanting to get rid of them altogether as you've argued before . as i've argued before ? when ? there was a local farmer on the radio recently trying to arg	years services free including good national food food book system local	expand
14725	correct it ? no ,  of course not . i had no idea where soldiers' graduation ceremonies happen and was impressed that you did know . indeed ,  every minority which has ever experienced persecution should have its own army . bring on the romany defence force ,  the lgbt special forces ,  the neo - pagan marines . there are some who regret that . there are some who regret that in the st century ,  there are still people deluded by nationalist ideology . it's ironic and extremely sad how much anti - semitism and zionism have in common two racist ideologies that should never have survived past the th century . the israeli  " defence "  force's use of a holocaust memorial for trainee soldiers' graduation ceremonies is a far worse insult to the victims  -  almost all of whom were killed by soldiers of one kind or another  -  than anything you describe here . or of course people using the holocaust as a handy hook to hang an anti - israel rant on . indeed ,  every minority which has ever experienced persecution should have its own a	idea experienced bring special st century people common past century kind people experienced	expand
4	reys bay on sunday and it was all caught on camera because the competition was being broadcast live  .  videos show fanning in the water with his surf board when the shark's fin pops out of the water behind him a split second before he was attacked  .  a youtube video of the attack had received more than  .  million views on youtube as of monday  .   ;  the shark knocked fanning off his board and rescuers on jet skis quickly arrived to scoop him up  ,  reported sky news  .  fanning escaped without serious injuries  ,  according to the sydney morning herald  .   "  i was just sitting there and i felt something just get stuck in my leg rope  ,  and i was kicking trying to get it away  ,   "  said fanning  .   " ' i just saw fins  .  i was waiting for the teeth  .   "  fanning said he punched the shark in the back in an effort to get away from it  ,  noted the morning herald fanning was competing with fellow australian julian wilson in the open's finals  ,  but organizers announced the competition was canceled and they will	competition live show water board water video million board news morning back morning competition	expand
4339	s the world's superhero champion for freedom and human rights and moral goodness when its strategic goals are about maintaining its position of power and superhero image ,  while economically ,  politically ,  socially within its own borders ,  it repeatedly shows its priorities to be about empowering the wealthy and corporations ,  building a society that glorifies survival of the fittest and the outdated  " alpha "  type of leadership that scientific research on the brain and human interactions is showing to be primitive and backward ,  while doing the same in the international sphere . no problem . the uswill likely do nothing as obama finally starts earning his nobel peace prize . don't worry ,  you supply just the kind of argument necessary for assad to kill with impunity . obama is a traitor to the us's image as the superhero . it must hurt . never mind that his superhero plan would not have removed cw from the picture ,  would not have stopped conventional weapons being used to kill civilians ,  empowered jihadi	human power image building society type research human international problem image plan	expand
14832	doubt it . the labour amendment only echoes the government motion with further demands that the un weapons inspectors have the 'necessary opportunity' to report to the security council on their findings . but nobody has denied that the un inspectors would not be given the opportunity . the usa has not indicated that the un inspectors would not be given the opportunity to present their findings . all of the 'conditions' laid down by labour could be met easily enough if washington decides military strikes have a 'legal basis in international law . apart from iraq ,  and even then international law was invoked to justify it ,  all britain's wars have been justified by upholding international law . the wording of the labour amendment is twaddle . they are calling for 'a legal basis' for an action and that could be provided easily enough . the real argument is not really only about a possible 'basis' international law but about the power political consequences of any military strike . ultimately ,  the labour lead	labour government report council opportunity opportunity labour international law international law international law labour provided real international law power labour	expand
1980	or my voice  .  i am not a journalist  .  i am a social commentator and scholar  .  and so i agree with cnn that it is best that we part ways  .   "  though cnn has not fully explained why it let griffin and aslan go  ,  the sticking point appears to be their vulgarity  ,  not their partisan views  .  both aslan and griffin have been longtime critics of the president  ,  and at cnn they did not serve as journalists  .  griffin was the comic foil to anderson cooper on the network's new year's eve program  ,  known for her shock comedy and lewd jokes  .  aslan was the host of believer  ,  a travel documentary featuring the world's different religions  .  neither had much involvement in cnn's news operation  -  which itself employs partisan pundits to debate issues on - camera  .  during the election  ,  for instance  ,  cnn hired corey lewandowski after he was fired from his job as trump's campaign manager to help viewers understand trump's perspective  .  lewandowski later resigned  .  the network also employs jeffrey lord	social part ways point travel news issues job manager network	expand
17162	tions are left unasked or unanswered ,  or when simple feelings of anger lie unsaid below a polite surface . the young people in the film were often very nervous about asking those questions or voicing that anger ,  but when they did ,  it came as a huge relief ,  and was often transformative . as for some of the more obtuse comments .  .  . err ,  no ,  i don't think having divorced parents is worse than getting blown up in syria . i've filmed people being blown up in syria ,  and feel very sure of that . yes ,  i do live with my partner's kids ,  who are great . i'm a parental figure ,  and they also have a dad . the point was  -  how does witnessing a marriage go wrong affect your own view of marriage .  " daddy and i don't share the same idea about how to be a couple any more "  covers every reason for a marriage split ,  and it's the fundamental thing your child needs to know and understand . what nonsense ! the children would not have a clue what their mother and father were on about ,  if told  " mummy and daddy don't have the same	left young people comments people live great point view child children	expand
27297	oughout history than anything else "  is just plain historically wrong . if you were to look at something that has played such a role it would have to forms of nationalism  -  'king and country' . apparent 'religious' wars have often been much more about the clash of cultural identities over things like economics or land security not exclusively about religious beliefs  -  in fact religious beliefs rarely play much of a part in wars . phillips and axelrod in the encyclopedia of wars covered conflicts in which they found had a significant religious component .  is hardly enough to justify your claim .  .  . your approach really is just a propaganda approach to history and completely worthless  -  even insulting to the proper scholarly study of history which recognises far greater complexity behind the phenomena and seeks to grapple with such things as religion and ethniccultural identity and the idea of a web of co - factors . you need to look at causal factors not just cultural lines of demarca	history role things religious religious play part found religious approach approach history study history things web	expand
33113	ng the question "  please ? it doesn't have to be about syria ,  i only used syria as i was wanted to know what the name of the fallacy i was responding to isfair enough  -  apologies for biting your head off if you were being genuine there  -  but y'know ,  it did look very suspiciously like you were trying to shoe horn some anti - us ranting into a totally unrelated thread ,  and we get that so much round here it does my bleedin head in .  .  . but anyway ,  begging the question i've tried to explain above ,  so i'll just copy paste . i'm sure my explanation is not perfect ,  but it's a start .  .  . begging the question is where you make a seemingly logical argument wherein the premise is partly contained in the conclusion so the whole thing is circular and cannot support itself . a farily common example are supposed proofs of the existence of god ,  that include god as part of their reasoning . eg ,   " i know that god exists because how else would he have made the world in seven days ?  " although it's usually a bit more subt	question head head question start question make support god include god part god made world	expand
20639	having been there myself on a far lesser scale and for entirely different reasons ,  the constant ,  predictable jokes get old really quickly . it may seem like a harmless bit of fun to the one making the joke ,  but it gets really oppressive if it happens to you . every . single . god - damned . day . and it does start to feel like bullying . but we cannot ignore the fact that johnston's chosen profession plays a role in what allegedly took place . stella probably knows all about this ,  but the role of dwarf 'entertainers' has been the centre of a pretty famous legal case ,  when the mayors of several cities in southern france tried to ban 'dwarf - tossing . 'manuel wackenheim ,  himself a dwarf 'entertainer' ,  brought a case to the un human rights committee ,  arguing that the ban was discriminatory ,  as it applied only to dwarfs . the committee decided that the french authorities hadn't in fact discriminated against him ,  asthe differentiation between the persons covered by the ban ,  namely dwarves ,  and those to whom it	making god day start fact role place role centre case case committee committee fact	expand
32540	ern one had to as well  -  it was one of the ways you knew you had a true god ,  you see . additionally ,  sacred virgins were all the rage at the time . for instance only just down the hill from where the vatican is now six of them used to live  -  the vestal virgins . their boss was the pontifex maximus  -  a term that was taken over by the popes . priestesses of isis and ceres also observed virginity ,  at least during certain times of the year . so i guess we can see where this is coming from . ummmm ,  does remind me of zeus . you might as well know what is actually in the bible stories about mary and joseph ,  rather than talking about totally different stories that you have made up . allegedly ,  this god violatedluke  .  mary consents  -  therefore she is not  " violated "  . the alleged 'husband' of the alleged 'virgin' appears not to have been too stressed .  .  .  without so much as a murmur . according to matthew  .  -  ,  joseph felt he had to put mary away ,  though he intended to do it as humanely as possible . it required	ways god time live times year mary made god mary put mary required	expand
12275	d find it impossible to go vegetarian . but how to toast the bread ? gas or electric ,  grill or toasterassemble immediately or leave for a minute . my mind is a raging torrent ,  flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives . you don't mention thickness . it is a huge problem here on the continent at least holland and belgium that insofar as you can buy bacon at all in supermarkets you get rashers in a packet all thinner than an atom . and if you do get packets that boast of the bacon being thick ,  it ain't thick at all and shrivels up in the pan like i don't know what . go to your friendly neighbourhood butcher and ask for bacon sliced x thicker than  " usual "  . easy at least in holland and i can't think belgium would be any more difficult . it takes a matter of seconds to adjust the slicer . possibly full - fat cokeblew it on the last sentence . shame ,  was almost perfect . i eat mine very quickly then have a more leisurely affair .  .  . mind you i am a fat git . streaky bac	find leave mind thought problem buy easy difficult takes full mind	expand
12356	power of veto . in terms of the united states  " going ahead anyway ,  "  use of force would be justified under the united nations'  " responsibility to protect "  mandate ,  which has three  " pillars "  . a state has a responsibility to protect its population from genocide ,  war crimes ,  crimes against humanity ,  and ethnic cleansing ;  . the international community has a responsibility to assist the state to fulfill its primary responsibility ;  . if the state manifestly fails to protect its citizens from the four above mass atrocities and peaceful measures have failed ,  the international community has the responsibility to intervene through coercive measures such as economic sanctions . military intervention is considered the last resort . a use of chemical weapons on civilians means that ,  if the state is unable to fulfill its obligation to protect then the international community must as per pillar  . the us did not enter the war until after the attack on pearl harbour by japan . the holocaust had already bee	power terms united united responsibility protect state responsibility protect war international community responsibility state responsibility state protect international community responsibility means state protect international community war	expand
27615	nt ,  and presumably since they all work together in bbc sport murray and the other panellists are friends with clare . you should actually welcome the fact that turning a lesbian straight is such an absurd idea that it appears in that segment of the show ,  at least in middle class bbc land . considering you think lesbianism is a choice anyway ,  i'm not sure how you can also take the position that it's wrong to tell lesbians they should be made straight . it is ,  but so is telling straight women that they should turn lesbian ,  which seems to have been a major plank of your anti - men feminism back in the day .  " folk in small communities who dare not come out for fear that they are the only ones "  will always be in trouble if they're scared of being different because there's a good chance they are the only one . that's not anyone else's fault ,  though . just because gay couples can now walk down the aisle does not mean that bigotry has disappeared . bigotry and attacks on people who are different will never di	work show made women major back day small good people	expand
29490	colombia ,  not columbia . lonely planet and the foreign office seem to back up ositotango tooregardless of what you  " say "  ,  as in pronounce ,  my point was spellinggrammar . the country was named  " colombia "  in memory of cristobal colon . that is christopher columbus in english ,  not colombus . germans ,  for example ,  call the country kolumbien from christoph kolumbus . are they also making a mistake by not calling it colombia ?  ? ositotango ,  lonely planet and the foreign office are wrong as many columbians that get offended when they see the name of the country written in english . lonely planet and the foreign office are wrong .  .  .  but after a quick google it appears that so too are the us dept of state ,  fifa ,  the bbc ,  the ioc ,  and having amended even this article ,  the guardian too . oh ,  and not one of the examples i've cited above refer to germany as deutschland ,  or brazil as brasil either . they can't all be wrong can they ? i wonder if vinnie chase will play the lead ? sorry . when i posted ,  your comment wasn'	office back point country english call country making office country english office state play posted	expand
975	ooded paddies into the atmosphere  .  that said  ,  scientists agree that carbon - dioxide is still the primary greenhouse gas we should be focused on for global warming  .   "  i would say that methane is important if co is definitely taken care of  ,   "  says david archer  ,  a geoscientist at the university of chicago who was not involved in these two studies  .  here's what he means because carbon dioxide persists so long in the atmosphere  ,  the level of atmospheric co will affect the earth's climate for centuries  ,  if not longer  .  so we can't stop global warming until atmospheric co is stabilized  ,  which means getting net annual emissions down to zero  .  by contrast  ,  the level of atmospheric methane affects today's climate  ,  but it doesn't last nearly as long  .  so methane is mainly important for controlling the peak temperature that global warming ultimately reaches  .  both gases are important in different ways  ,  but zeroing out co  -  and finding alternatives to the fossil fuels that dominate	global important care david university involved studies means long level global means level long important global important	expand
30158	ough a couple of times i've let my self get carried away and thought we have had a reasonble chance of winning a tournament ' being the most confident i can remember and look how that one turned out . all i ask is for a coherant team that is able to beat or even play well against the teams it should do ,  for the most part we got that under bobby robson ,  venables and until the wc sven . since we've had the odd good result when it matters but more often than not we've looked awful and unable to beat .  . or even play well against teams we should be beating .  . on paper . one thing that really gets me with hogson and neville is that they are constantly making excuses for why england are so crap . anything to distract away from the fact that they are seemingly incapable of delivering a team with any sort of tactical cohesion . not enough english players in the premiership ,  england dont produce that type of player ,  injuries etc etc . at the same time theyre constantly praising the suppose	times team play part good play paper making england team english england time	expand
13106	old i kissed a little girl . throughout my childhood i always had an eye on what the girls might think ,  i wanted their approval . however i can remember a lot further back than that ,  i can remember seeing pictures that were meaningless to me and that i thought were essentially static . i have a memory of noticing that something in the picture was moving . i have another memory of something moving near me and me suddenly tasting something sweet in my mouth probably a dummy . all of a sudden the meaningless picture became extremely meaningful ,  that picture related to what i wanted ,  objects in it could give me what i wanted . the point is ,  i was not born with a prefixed attitude to people ,  it developed through experience . if our attitudes develop through experience then they can change . if our attitudes develop through experience then they can change . just reinforces how natural sexuality is ,  as in my case i was subjected to nothing but a barrage of heterosexuality from the moment of birth and through	wanted back picture picture picture wanted give wanted point people experience develop experience change develop experience change case	expand
28237	much as things were going in may  .  in fact . what we are experiencing at the moment ,  long may it continue ,  is the simple ,  and predicted ,  effect of pushing huge amounts of money out to public sector to spend in the private sector ;  repairing potholes ,  planning railway improvements ;  commissiong new it consutations etc ,  etc . pretty much what ed balls has been demanding for the last three years ,  innit ? where's the money all coming from ? pretty much where it did always did  -  from taxes and government borrowings ;  like it did for ken clarke ;  gordon brown and alistair darling . wot abaht the deficit ,  do i hear you ask ? bugger the deficit . all that stuff was bullshit ,  plain and simple ;  doncha geddit yet ? pretty much as things were going in may  .  in fact . far more balanced than the recovery ,  with a greater proportion of private sector jobs and a smaller albeit still too big focus on services . also ,  we're not coming off the back of the worst recession in living memory ,  as we were in  . far mo	things fact long money public sector sector years money government things fact sector services back	expand
13748	uslims can't be racist . the simplest example that proves you wrong is the fact that in the aftermath of and  ,  many sikh and hindu men were attacked because they were mistaken to be muslims . why do you think that was ? islam may not be race ,  but race plays a huge part in how someone is identified as muslim . by and large ,  people tend to associate muslim - ness with brown - skinned people hence ,  hindus and sikhs being attacked mistakenly . that is also why the experience of white muslims and non - white muslims is hugely different . the simplest example that proves you wrong is the fact that in the aftermath of and  ,  many sikh and hindu men were attacked because they were mistaken to be muslims . why do you think that was ? that was because they were wearing turbans which was mistaken for taliban headgear . you may call it turbanism if you like ,  that was not racism . and ,  how do you explain the attacks on hindus who don't wear turbans ? race is obviously a factor in their being mistakenly - identi	wrong fact men race race part large people people experience white white wrong fact men call race	expand
21724	o are not extraordinarily ressourceful will recognize that the only way they can be relatively economically successful is by crime . which is why the poorer neighbourhoods in every big city is a place to avoid . gangsta culture is not qualitatively different from other crime cultures ,  except for the incorporation of staggerlee and the remarkably rich musical tradition of black america . that musical quality ,  as exemplified by the astonishing dr .  dre ,  helped the gangsta culture enter the mainstream . that this mainstreaming was helped by the big record companies ,  led by white men ,  is obvious ,  but they only turned the aesthetic up to eleven ,  they didn't fundamentally create or even change it . i am not  " discrediting "  gangsta culture ,  i am saying that it tends to perpetuate a stereotype of people categorised as 'non - white' and that this is problematic . it appearsas i see it ,  it is very unlikely that anyone who does not take up the gangsta aesthetic will be considered gangsta . usher ,  kanye west ,  theo	big city place culture quality dr culture big companies change culture people west	expand
24884	d damascus agreed to a ceasefire during the inspection . august  ,  secretary of state john kerry said in a speech ,  despite the ongoing nature of the investigation ,   " our understanding of what has already happened in syria is grounded in facts informed by conscience and guided by common sense .  " august  ,  the white house press secretary jay carney said the u . s .  had  " no doubt "  the syrian government was responsible for the chemical weapons attack . the white house said a public version of its intelligence report on the use of chemical weapons in syria would be released at the end of the week . august  ,  obama said in an interview with pbs he had not yet made a decision regarding military action in syria but clarified the united states' stance on intervention .  " we want the assad regime to understand that by using chemical weapons on a large scale against your own people .  .  . you are not only breaking international norms and standards of decency ,  but youre also creating a situation	august john august house government house public end week august made people international	expand
31221	creating a false us and them situation which is hardening the position of other waiverers .  . by positioning science as against religion in this way ,  those for whom religion does resonate are more open to anti - science movements such as the prevalence of climate change denial in the bible belt . human and animal psychology shows a tendency towards abstraction so that extreme examples are more attractive check v . s .  ramachandaran  -  one beer was nice so beers would be better porn's obsession with size etc .  given this a false dichotomy of science v religion means that people fall into the trap of believing anti - religious expression is more scientific and anti - science expression is more devout . we are all humans and the sooner we stop othering each other and try to understand each other the better . where there is conflict analyse it carefully and ensure you do not over extrapolate the danger and undermine your own message as dawkins is too keen to do . but its the swaying of a few waiverers	position science open science change human check science means people science ensure message	expand
19623	alking on the cycle bit when it's all clearly marked . random anecdotei was on a seafront bike path which is between the promenade and parked cars . a van door opened  -  out of wariness i halved my speed . that turned out to be a good decision as a dog on an extendable lead leapt out of the van and up onto the raised promenade ,  stretching his lead across the bike path . i slowed to a halt just in time ,  just avoiding getting entangled in the lead ,  at handlebar level . the dog - owner apologised and started swearing at his dog and saying it was stupid . i muttered darkly to myself  " it's not the dog's fault ,  it's yours .  "  and rode on . i wish people could admit when they make a mistake and not look for scapegoats ,  to save face . are they all on performance enhancing yet life diminishing drugs ? is there something in the lycra ? does the helmet crush the brain or overheat it ? it's time to vote off ,  the weakest link .  .  . there's a lot of red hair in my family and well spotted ,  i've turned into anne robinson ,  not an	good lead lead time lead level people make performance life time link family	expand
32782	heat' that has gone into the deep ocean . or we may not . but the present state of the hypothesis and i use the word deliberately is nothing like the earth going around the sun ,  or boyle's law ,  or even evolution . its much more like some medical cases . for instance ,  it appears now that sugar metabolism may have a connection to alzheimers . it seems that the relationship between heart disease ,  cholesterol and saturated fats is not what we thought . the cry back in the fifites onward that heart disease rates had risen ,  and what else could explain it besides saturated fat consumption now seems more like a confession of ignorance than an argument . one suspects the same thing will happen to the equivalent co argument . if not that ,  i don't know what it is ! no ,  maybe we really don't . to which the medical profession replies 'so offer some better solutions . do nothing is not a solution . 'to which the obvious answer is stop bleeding the patients ,  because bleeding patients was killing them . the treatment ,  in t	present state law medical heart disease thought back heart disease medical offer patients patients	expand
17719	pletion ,  most of his passes were forwards and he had the most interceptions ,  but he gets talked about like he can't pass and only does it backwards . he basically does the same role as carrick ,  does pretty much the same but gets nowhere near the credit . united could do with a ball winner in midfield ,  but i'm more worried by the attacking midfield . kagawa aside who moyes seems to have no faith it ,  i don't feel hugely confident in those players . but when he does pass it forward ,  he doesnt put players in to good positions ,  he puts them under pressure .  he doesn't have the vision ,  imagination ,  or skill of a top class creative midfielder . carrick at least has two of those attributes ,  but he needs help .  as ykagawa is one of the best players united have ,  and it is disgusting that they don't even have him warming the bench . when playing for dortmund ,  he was easily the equal of a fabregas ,  or a thiago ,  but i guess that if you aren't spanish these days you are clearly rubbish and incapable of being a	role united feel players forward put players good top class players united days	expand
22268	ra in a clothesdryer . i can only add to that that he walks like he just shat his pants . thanks murph ,  saved me a vomit bag . and no matter how much we all love ms crabb ,  there are limits . and no matter how much we all love ms crabbi hope you're joking . i find ms crabb one of the most unprofessional at abc ,  i resent the drum for the oral diarrhea it is .  .  . the most excruciating hour that i have ever experienced  -  abbott is a total embarrassment . now annabel has popped up on the gruen transfer after appearing on the drum and in her kitchen earlier  -  surely there are other employees at the abc . there's chris uhlmann . he's pretty funny . annabel ,  please have a rest . i wonder if he is going to write another book with his mate steve lewis on the james ashby affair . pimp my daughters . remember the camera guy who he thought was his son . bet he is happy that tony was wrong . i can feel a recession coming on . actually ,  i feel sorry for his daughters . having a high media profile is like playing with fire . they don	add matter love matter love find total book thought feel feel high media	expand
27597	ttpwww . youtube . comwatch ? vnidktugloby all means keep fighting the good fight and stand up for your rights ,  but realise that sometimes that's best done by integrating quietly rather than drawing attention to yourself . as somebody - or - other said to rosa parks . nobody remembers ,  or cares ,  who it wasthat's a cif post saying that they thought other gay people had expected gay marriage to make everything perfect . there's a lot of straw men on this thread  -  nobody thought gay marriage would solve everything . nobody thought we could legislate abuse out of existence to the point where we no longer needed a thick skin . but is it too much to want to at least try to change society's attitudes so that a person's sexuality isn't really a big deal ,  or at least get to the point where overt or not so overt homophobia is as socially unacceptable as racism is becoming ? that's a cif post saying that they thought other gay people had expected gay marriage to make everything perfect . agreed . therefore ne	means good post thought people expected make thought thought point change big point post thought people expected make	expand
27312	sus ,  but they did after a time . i would suggest that after going through what he did ,  his appearance may well have been considerably changed . do you realise the absurdity of what you are saying ? his appearance had changed so much that he was unrecognisable from the original . now given that he hadn't had a facelift what that means is that this person was so dead as to have changed beyond recognition . ok lets think about this ,  firstly he was flogged with a flail that strips the skin of the body . they weren't holding off here remember they intended to kill him . secondly they hung him on a cross in the sun all day with no ability to shield himself . what do you think you would look like if you were left out in a mediteranean sun from dawn till dusk ? you wouldn't be just a bit red . while all this was happening i think we can assume that he continued to bleed from the large holes in all four limbs ,  so that his bodies' ability to cope with the massive assault on it was effectively removed . finally as par	time changed changed original means person changed body day ability left large ability	expand
29982	stimony does not . it is particularly sad that sensitive aspects of le vell's private life were revealed when his conduct was put under scrutiny but that is not the fault of the cps . it is not permissible to drag the private life of a rape victim into court eg past sexual history . why is it permissible in the case of the defendant ? quite . if an alleged rape victim was accused by the alleged rapist's legal team of being an adulterous alcoholic ,  the guardian would certainly be chief among those complaining about it . because the issue in historic abuse allegations is whether it happened or not . previous sexual history of a complainant is irrelevant to this issue . also ,  in a case of rape where consent is an issue what possible relevance can the evidence that a woman or man has had sex with someone else be to the issue of whether he or she consented in the present case . evidence of previous false allegations made by a complainant are always admissibleyou haven't answered the question why is the	private life put private life history case team issue previous history issue case issue evidence issue case evidence previous made	expand
27302	sort of evidence that is so patently obvious that no even argues about it . that should be  " no one even argues " this is why i argue that there's no such thing as an atheist faith or ideology . which is not really what i was suggesting  -  i was suggesting that it can be a positive belief as well as a negative one ,  and that it is more commonly in our culture expressed in a positive form . hence my example of the pirah ,  for whom it appears to be a genuinely absent one rather than a positive one . both incidentally are tied into other cultural ideas about reality or worldviews perhaps its a bit deeper than even ideology which has political connotations though generally in a lot of theories of culture its used less like that and more as almost synonymous with worldview . to repeat  " being without a god in the only requisite for being atheist .  " being a device to join pieces of paper with a metal strip is the only requite for being a stapler  -  but staplers are also a part of general office equipment an	evidence positive culture positive form positive lot culture god paper part general office	expand
31731	ct in nicaragua .  iran two iranian jets shot down over the persian gulf .  libya us aircraft bomb the cities of tripoli and benghazi ,  including direct strikes at the official residence of president muamar al qadaffi .  bolivia special forces units engage in counter - insurgency .  -  iran naval forces block iranian shipping . civilian airliner shot down by missile cruiser .  libya naval aircraft shoot down two libyan jets over gulf of sidra .  philippines cia and special forces involved in counterinsurgency .  -  panama  ,  troops as well as naval and air power used to overthrow government of president noriega .  liberia troops deployed .  -  iraq major military operation ,  including naval blockade ,  air strikes ;  large number of troops attack iraqi forces in occupied kuwait .  -  iraq control of iraqi airspace in north and south of the country with periodic attacks on air and ground targets .  haiti cia - backed military coup ousts president jean - bertrand aris	including special special air government including air large number control north south country air	expand
32752	gain  -  yet another version . pear and apple are fair enough ,  but where the hell do i get rhubarb juice ? sainsburys .  .  . waitrose .  .  . tesco .  .  . cawston press i think is the brand . nice apple and ginger ,  and a beetroot too . i think . i've been eating fresh muesli for over a decade and besides any health benefits  -  it's just plain delicious . but ,  i don't understand why you would soak it in apple juice ? seems weird ,  unhealthy and just gross . cup of rolled oats ,  soak overnight or at least hours in cup of waterchopped bananagrated granny - smith apple no skin or core ,  though i guess you could ? tablespoon sunflower seedstablespoon some other chopped nutmix ,  then top with fresh berries and honeybest is oats mixed with golden syrup ,  eaten straight out of the mixing bowl with the spoon you used to stir it . yum . looks great . just needs a bit of sugar ,  some chocolate chunks and a bit of food colouring and its good to go . red meat and nuts for breakfast ! with maybe a bit of oats on the side for 'movement' purposes ma	version press health hours top great bit bit food good bit side	expand
11067	e ground rules for the meeting . there's nothing worse than generating brilliant ideas that can't be implemented because they are beyond the resources or scope of the organization . implementation planning once you have your big idea or a few of them ,  since you should tender alternatives to the ultimate decision maker assess the risks associated with them and how you can effectively implement .  from concept to successful implementation . get a lot of ideas out on the table ,  uncritically ,  in what is known as divergence ,  and then converge on the best ideas to study . divergence and convergence must occur throughout each stage of the innovative thinking process for it to be fruitful . hot air . liberal arts faculties at canadian universities have not taught for decades . all they do is brainwash students with far - left ,  socialist nonsense . it's true ,  but people don't like to hear that . i moved here from working in a scottish university ,  mainly but not exclusively focused on teaching ,  where all staff w	meeting ideas ideas ideas study process students left people working university staff	expand
30619	ordeal .  httpt . fod . comtdbafdcx . jpgwatching england would be less of an ordeal if they played the one player who has consistently proven they can play football . michael carrick . a man with just england appearances to his name in years . since signing for united ,  he's played over games ,  and united have won league titles ,  and finished runner - up on two occasions by a margin of a combined point . for england ,  meanwhile ,  he has got england caps in that time . adam johnson has  . adam fucking johnson . james milner has  . how has this happened ? bulldog scott parker has caps in that period of time . despite being an absolute donkey and being retired for the last years ,  emile heskey has england caps in that period of time . even though he's an absolute train - wreck ,  michael owen has caps in that time . and the numbers keep on coming . theo walcott has a total of caps . peter crouch  . shaun wright - phillips  . matthew upson  . stewart downing  . aaron lennon  . jerma	england played play michael man england years united played united point england england time period time years england period time michael time	expand
27301	nt of organised religion without being an atheist . its also perfectly possible to be an atheist and see value to organised religion a position andrew brown seems to take and get quite a bit of flack overthe two are not essential to each other . hybridartifactsi see you are still struggling with absent ,  negative and positive beliefs and that a negative one can have a positive form and expression .  .  . and is not the same thing as an absent belief . so tell me how atheism takes a  " positive form and expression "  . absent beliefs are nearly impossible to even articulate .  they are just not on ones conceptual radar at all . hence the pirah who lack belief in god completely and cannot even relate to the idea of god  -  for them its a non - belief ,  an absent one . it just does not exist to them . juts as it is pretty much impossible for them to relate to the idea of god at all ,  it is also pretty much impossible for you not to  -  its on your radar . sorry ,  but you're wrong here . it's not on my radar . other people talk	position bit positive positive form thing takes positive form god idea god pretty idea god pretty people	expand
25117	ver reason ,  are not 'good' at it whatever this means . in my experience enjoyable sex is with someone who you like ,  makes you laugh ,  you fancy and you feel comfortable with and they feel the same way too . i would say try not to overthink it ,  try internet dating to meet women you may want a relationship with and go from there . don't wear your virginity as some sort of black mark against you as it isn't . you don't have to tell people ,  you may just suggest that it's been a long time  -  in my experience for people in their s this is often true anyway . give it a go and you may have a pleasant surprise . why not ask him and be totally honest ? most people like directness and it cuts all the second guessing crap . honestly ,  did you at least kiss ?  and ?  what did it feel like ? i wouldn't call someone a boyfriend after dates and no sex . besides ,  you should be able to talk openly about sex with someone you consider to be a boyfriend . you should be able to talk openly about sex with someone you consider to	means experience feel feel internet women people long time experience people give people feel call	expand
3450	 .  we love how matthew henry put it there commonly is  ,  and always ought to be  ,  an endeared affection between faithful ministers and those they beget in christ jesus through the gospel  .  they should love like parents and children  .  today  ,  if you want to be considered a spiritual father in the church then you should act like one by loving your children with truth spoken in love  .  but cowardly leaders arent anything new to the church  .  at a time of moral perversion and spiritual apostasy in israel the prophet ezekiel prophesied her priests have done violence to my law and have profaned my holy things  ;  they have made no distinction between the holy and the profane  ,  and they have not taught the difference between the unclean and the clean  ;  and they hide their eyes from my sabbaths  ,  and i am profaned among them ezekiel  .  what a relevant passage for todays spiritual leaders  .  matthew henry elaborated on this  ,  saying the priests  ,  who were teachers by o	love put love children today church act children love church time law things made	expand
29127	en using them and possessing them ? look ,  dude ,  hold on a second here before you get any further carried away attacking me . all i did was say to the other guy he should have a look at monbiot's piece . then i highlighted that monbiot had included the fact that the us still holds  ,  tons of chemical weapons . then i said that the us are hypocrites ,  which nobody can deny . it is precisely john kerry that labelled chemical weapons a moral obscenity in his speech on august . and ,  indeed ,  morally ,  if chemical weapons are so abhorrent ,  then why is the us resisting and foot - dragging from its own commitment to disarm ? is that rank hypocrisy ? yes ,  obviously it is . then i start to get puerile ,  crappy sixth form analogies from you about dicks and rape so on . what the hell are you smoking ? i just saw an anti - interventionist like myself getting hooked by a disingenuous question from septic mike into an indefensible position . the same argument you made ,  if valid ,  could be used by those saying we should stri	included fact chemical john chemical august chemical start form question position made	expand
30189	 . well clearly you might think clients think well of you ,  because they are expected to be 'ever so grateful' by a system that is not what it seems . obviously so do most social workers see themselves as benefiting their clients ,  but here's a reality check for you and i expect more people will report negatively when privately interviewed by researchers who are not part of social workhttpwww . communitycare . co . ukarticlesinconsistent - social - workers - putting - trafficked - children - at - risk . htmwhy do we need josh mcallister's cv at the end ? and why do we need to know he's single ? i'd be more interested to understand why he only managed years as a teacher . to be fair in those three years he must have impressed sufficiently to be made head of department . also ,  i don't think that leaving teaching after three years to set up a social enterprise he feels passionately about necessarily implies that he couldn't 'manage' it  -  for a sizeable chunk of the time he was working as a teacher	system social people part social social children years years made years set social time working	expand
19949	that the economy is slowly coming out of recession . you were the architectand brown who got this country into the mess we are now in ,  and you haven't even got the guts to admit it . talk about being in denial of what you did to this country . do us all a favour and leave this country asap . the central planks of labour's argument seem to be even though we are seeing growth ,  people's living standards are still falling osborne inherited an economy which was growing in however ,  in people's living standards were still falling ,  despite the growth in the economy ,  so labour's two arguments appear to contradict one another . also ,  whisper it ,  but much of the bounce came about because labour bailed out the banks ,  allowing the city to venture out of its shell and start doing business again ,  after the terrifying post - lehman's prospect of banks being allowed to go under . the early blip in gdp was almost entirely down to a temporary cut in vat and other temporary schemes like car s	country country country growth living standards living standards growth city start business post early car	expand
15340	was in amsterdam earlier this week and bikes cycle very close to pedestrians . but the pedestrians seem unfazed by it ,  i suspect because most are also cyclists and know it's not dangerous ,  and the rest have been walking around the city for years without getting hit . this does not justify cyclists riding on the pavement . this does not justify cyclists riding on the pavement . i'm not keen on pavement cycling either ,  but as someone who rides on the road ,  i believe strongly that much if not all pavement cycling is the result of incompetent aggressive driving . in other words ,  pavement or rather footway cycling is caused by bad drivers . as someone who has walked to work in london for years ,  that cyclists forced onto the pavements is not what i have observed . most often the pavement cycling i have seen and this includes cycling within pedestrian crosswalks happens for the convenience of the cyclist . the only time riding on the pavement could be justified is in the situation where a car has li	week city years road result work london years includes time car	expand
31943	ings ? this is only possible in scandanavian countries where the citizen are better educated in civility ,  anticipatory democracy ,  political education ,  mutal respect and equality and thinking for themselves . it won't work in countries like the uk where inequality and separation are very deliberately maintained and strengthened . oh ,  i think it would work in uk and even in us ,  if only implemented . yeah ,  and look where it got them ,  rape of their women at an all time high and of the attacks are by immigrants . lovely . his ideology need to be confronted and understood . norway's population is mature enough to take it . this article is obscene and is typical of sanctimonious left liberal views . the actions are totally selfish as they fill the desires of people who consider that principles should out weigh the many feelings of people who's sons and daughters were butchered without any consideration because of this man's perverted views . before long he will be seen in some completely twisted view as par	countries education work countries work time high left views people people views long view	expand
27831	ember . presumably all the people here who think it is stupid to grieve for someone one has not met ,  think its is stupid to grieve for all those kids gassed in damascus ? or all the people killed by drones ,  or run over by israeli tanks . children murdered by use of illegal weapons is different from someone dying in a car crash which could have been avoided . in any case ,  i'm not sure that the feeling for the gas victims is grief ,  so much as anger at those who did the gassing . i was in the midst of both a heavy amphetamine habit and a torrid affair with someone else's boyfriend in august so between the speeding and the shagging it all pretty much passed me by . it really wasn't that hard not to notice it ,  well not for me anyway . i still don't really care but she seemed like a decent enough sort . did a lot of good for the treatment of people with aids . weirdly enough speeding and shagging is what did for her . it's so fashionable nowadays to talk about the  " pathetic "  nature of the grief when she died	people people run children car case august hard care good people nature	expand
22632	 " ed miliband has hardened his position over syria by saying that labour would only support military action against the assad regime if britain's national security was threatened or al - qaida and its affiliates gained possession of large stockpiles of chemical weapons . in a significant toughening of its stance ,  the labour leadership has decided there would have to be a  " very significant change "  in circumstances to allow britain to join any operation in syria .  " he cannot rule out action completely in case our national security is threatened ,  to rule that out would be insane . i understand this .  . miliband initially states he supported a limited strike on syria . miliband invited to a briefing by the gov't where they the gov'ts position is discussed . miliband says nothing .  . parliament recalled .  . abbott goes public that she may resign and others in labour voice similar concerns .  . gov't proposes motion discussed at briefing .  . miliband first mentions he wants votes ,  inspectors reports etc .  .  . camer	position labour support action national security large labour change action case national security position public labour	expand
24734	up with serbia and croatia in there . england would probably just reach the play - offs or miss out . didn't england rout croatia  -  and  -  last time they played in qualifiers ? didn't england rout croatia  -  and  -  last time they played in qualifiers ? just had a flashback of joe cole wheeling away after being sparked out by a croat ,  all eyes rolling and mouth open .  .  . that's my abiding memory of that game ,  not walcott's hat trick . according to an englishman belgium is a small country ,  according to a russian england is a small island nobody care . scotland's players seem small physically ,  compared to belgium's . they are big strong guys with good technical ability . we are small by comparison . i don't see anything changing soon . it's better than levein's reign but not by much . yep . this must be inherent in the way we train our players . not physically strong enough ,  don't look as light footed with turn of pace . absolutely nothing to get excited about . spain should give up ,  wee guys'll never win noughtit wil	england play england time england time open small country england small care small strong good small strong give	expand
30621	still rip england apart ,  it's become fashionable . most of the ukraine players play for kiev or donetsk . that hardly makes them 'fairly average' . rooney was injured . lampard and gerrard are well past their best ,  possibly cole too . carrick is ,  well carrick . meanwhile our squad is padded out with players like lambert ,  jagielka and walker ;  good players certainly ,  but hardly world - beaters . milner is warming the bench at man city ,  young is struggling at man u ,  joe hart has been out of form . the fact that we are ruing the suspension of danny wellbeck league goals last season from matches tells the story . we have to face it ,  the cupboard is bare .  .  . the cupboard is fairly bare . we still have players with about champions league final appearances between them . by any metric the players at our disposal are better than ukraine ,  poland and montenegro . nobody expects us to win the world cup but we were gifted a very easy draw look at france spains group and have played terribly . drawing with ukraine	england players play players good players world man city young man form players players world group	expand
17591	women throughout the world ,  the diminishing of them in daily life ,  the physical abuse ,  the lack of awareness of this in the minds of men ,  who are generally speaking the perpetrators . instead of speaking out on behalf of women ,  they are either silent or rush ,  as we see here ,  to dispute the evidence . naive and rude . if you haven't noticed how many men who are fascinating ,  clever ,  kind in many ways ,  who have many other good qualities are also competitive and dismissive of women as equals ,  not to mention abusive in the home ,  then you are either very inexperienced or unobservant . no one suggest men want to diminsh women . literature biographies and autobiographies as well tells of the historical and lawful discrimination of women as well as widespread everyday offhand little abuses ,  which seem to be getting worse ,  not better . i am particularly aware of this in the art and film world . it is simply lazy thinking and rude to suggest i might be friends with racists and bigots . if your knowledge were	women world life men women men ways good women home men women women art film world knowledge	expand
16590	l claim to take with the largest sack of salt you can manage to carry . it's one thing to say that alien races raise the likelihood of a god ;  it's another thing entirely ,  from a rational point of view ,  to think you can infer his existence from the same evidence . or at least ,  that's my humean - style response . thank you for the explanation but i think the logic is grasping at straws . religious people may claim incredible odds against something complex like life occurring on its own but that's because i it's a self - serving claim that ii depends on assumptions that can't be proved either way ,  yet . if we find life common throughout the universe it simply suggests that life gets started more easily than we might hitherto have supposed . this doesn't imply a god any more than any other competing theory . in my view ,  it is simply evidence for the physical laws of the universe happening to be favourable . it is also evidence that those people who preach religion are even more wrong than we all previousl	claim thing god thing point view evidence people claim life claim find life simply life god view simply evidence evidence people	expand
30005	ecution should take place unless the outcome is guaranteed ? not unless we are a straw man we aren't . the cps code of practice says that  " prosecutors must be satisfied that there is sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction against each suspect on each charge .  " it elaborates on this to say that  " it means that an objective ,  impartial and reasonable jury or bench of magistrates or judge hearing a case alone ,  properly directed and acting in accordance with the law ,  is more likely than not to convict the defendant of the charge alleged " in other words you don't need to have certainty of conviction ,  but you do need something greater than  . furthermore prosecutors do ,  in a sense ,  have to take on the role of judge and jury ,  because they do have to imagine what a competent judge and properly instructed jury will make of the case . unlike the writer ,  i sat in the public gallery and followed this trial day by day . it was blatantly obvious to anyone with even a minute	place man practice provide means case law make case public day day	expand
2314	some families have a history of developing heart disease that starts early  .  there may be family members who have heart attacks in their early s  ,  s or even in their s  .  aging increases the risk for having a heart attack  .  older people thus have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease  .  men are at risk to have heart attacks earlier than women  .  but risk in women begins to approximate that of men after women finish menopause  .  there is not much that we can do about those listed above  .  however  ,  we can focus on factors that can be controlled or modified to lower risk  .  modifiable risk factors include things like hypertension  ,  diabetes  ,  smoking  ,  elevated blood lipids  ,  obesity  ,  lack of exercise and others  .  these things can be altered to help lower the chance of a cardiovascular event  .  diabetes can be controlled  .  patients can stop smoking  .  blood pressure can be managed  .  blood lipids can be lowered  .  additionally  ,  other factors that may play a role can also be modified  . 	history heart early members heart early risk heart people risk men risk heart women risk women men women risk risk include things things	expand
32146	oridation in australia " the author concludes that there is insufficient ethical justification for artificial water fluoridation in australia .  "  " in australia ,  the industrial grade fluosilicic acid is the most commonly used chemical for artificial water fluoridation "  " there is little epidemiological evidence to suggest that widespread adoption of water fluoridation has translated into substantial reduction in caries prevalence in australia "  " to date ,  there is no evidence to support the assertion that water fluoridation reduced social disparities in caries incidence in australia or internationally "  .  httpwww . newjerseywatereducation . compdfsfluoridation - medicalethicshumanrights . pdfhere's an article from the peer reviewed international journal of occupational and environmental health in  . fluoridation a violation of medical ethics and human rights .  " silicofluorides ,  widely used in water fluoridation ,  are unlicensed medicinal substances ,  administered to large populations without informed	australia water australia australia water evidence water australia date evidence support water social australia international health human water large	expand
28441	ghout the population globally . ergo ,  we are de - volving . one only has to look at the comment - sections of internet articles to find proof  ;  - but if those traits are being passed on ,  can they really be considered undesirable ? except that the environment has changed so that what were inferior traits by the standards of survival no longer are . its not getting better or worse ,  just different . as above .  . they are surviving so they are fit for this world and so they pass on their genes . the world has changed and will keep doing so . the moment someone's makeup makes them unfit for survival they will cease to survive . it's a self regulating system . you can't be 'outside' of it  -  only out of an environment to which you are adapted . ergo ,  we are de - volving . that's evolution too . evolution doesn't have a direction . it is not from worse to better . it is the only definition of worse and better within biology . if evolution functions primarily by weeding out relatively inferior individuals before they are old en	de internet find environment changed standards longer world world changed makes system environment de	expand
19383	g that it would be a limited attack . this would not be an open - ended intervention . we would not put boots on the ground . instead ,  our action would be designed to be limited in duration and scope ,  the president said yesterday . but the consequences of a strike on syria are unpredictable ,  as the international crisis group said today in a statement cautioning against the use of military force and pressing for a diplomatic solution to the syrian crisis . any u . s .  military action on syria increases the chance for a regional escalation of the conflict . httpmondoweiss . netformer - bush - official - syria - resolution - could - authorize - attack - on - iran - and - lebanon . htmlsyrian electronic army troll . httpgulfnews . comnewsworldusasyrian - electronic - army - hackivists - at - work -  .  .   .   .   .  the text of president barack obamas resolution authorizing the use of military force on syria is so broad that it could justify attacks on iran and lebanon . the issue here is not so much the broadness of the resolu	limited open put action designed limited international group today action work issue	expand
23562	chers are still women . so it is just so not something our society insists on presenting as desirable  -  egotistical ,  cut throat - competitive ,  macho ,  entrepreneurial . other caring professions have the same problem ,  not just teachers ,  though doctors ,  with their uniform of white coats and throwing the shadow of the surgeon's knife about are better at casting it off . not another article ,  the third this week ?  ,  demanding that i  " respect "  something or someone . i might be an old fashioned miserable old git ,  but i don't respect people or things i don't know . i think i'm perfectly civil ,  even courteous to most people ,  but respect ? why not respect people in general ? it's not like you are being asked to kiss their feet ,  just show respect for what teachers do . i think you are confusing respecting people with revering them . can you find no room to respect a profession where people at least the good ones often have to take work home with them ,  not only deal with students and student attitudes ,  but also parent	week respect respect people people respect respect people general show respect people find respect people good work home students	expand
27273	ately followed by .  .  .  if you could remove the roots of religion ,  you remove the roots of humanity ,  too . ritual and narrative are the basic ways by which we learn what it is to be human ,  and i don't think it's grotesque imperialism to regard arguments about which rituals and narratives are truly religious ones  .  .  . which says the opposite . if you treat religion as a natural phenomenon  .  .  .  what we observe will not have clear or logical boundarieshow does that follow ? mechanical interaction is a natural phenomenon and our ability to distinguish between it an other things in our observations has clear and logical boundariesany natural phenomenon can only be abstractedly described by science at present . you know that . that is a logical boundary when we so describe and although we are observing such whatever is going on deeper is beyond the description . a mechanical interaction like in f ma  ?  is only an abstraction based on our experience ,  and an approximate one ,  of a some natural process beyond	ways human natural clear natural things clear natural science present based experience natural process	expand
27034	esolution is damning . that was a response to james rufus at  . the leftwing candidate tomic opposed the coup along with bernardo leighton who were quickly marginalized by right wing frei and alywin who were against allende from the outset . you seem to enjoy omitting facts to suit your argument . indeed ,  tomic recounted " from march on ,  but particularly between june and the day of the coup the country was overwhelmed by illegal activities .  .  . the oppostion sought successfully to show that the government had lost control of public order " condemning his own party . did the christian democrats vote to ratify allende's presidency ? did most of the same people in endorse the resolution condemning allende's assaults on chile's democracy ? the answer ,  no matter how hard you spin ,  is yes to both those questions . so what motivated them to do this if it wasn't allende's abuse of office ? again ,  tomic was head of the party at the time .  .  .  . not right wing frei .  " assaults on chilean democracy "  .  .  .  . a tad hypocriti	june day show government public order party people office party time	expand
28918	xplain away "  incidences of racism in the uk or anywhere else  -  -  on the contrary i said that it remains a major and pernicious influence . i simply noted what i believe to be factually correct  -  -  that in the uk there is greater social ,  institutional and media awareness of racial issues ,  and that provides a greater opportunity for action than in other countries . it doesn't mean that the problem is any less ,  but the opportunities for solutions are probably greater . by contrast in some european countries there is no meaningful effort even to try and track the numbers of racist incidents ,  so there's no means of reliably telling how big the problem really is . obviously you are saying that the uk has had substantial public debate on white racism . as i don't recall any type of debate on the many other forms of racism that are occurring in the uk . really ? you haven't been paying much attention then ,  have you ?   - i don't think i said anything to  " explain away "  incidences of racism in the uk or anywhere	major greater social issues greater action countries problem greater european countries means problem public	expand
20917	u mean cheddar ?  i'm afraid i can't appreciate that particular plastic - like tastemy guess is that you imagine cheddar to be an orange rubbery thing served in big macs . in fact it is like a slightly creamier parmesan which for its part ,  believe it or not ,  is not a cheese powder that comes in a cardboard tube ,  neither just a half - decent piece of mousetrap . and it is not the only british cheese by far . british cheeses are damn good . arie september pm . get ciffix for firefox . so gouda and edam aren't plasticky ? how you regard dutch cheese as being superior to cheddar ,  stilton ,  stinking bishop ,  cheshire ,  caerphilly ,  the huge array of goats cheeses available etc etc is a bit of a mystery to mebut gouda and edam and a bit of smoked cheese if you're lucky ,  yup ,  infinitely superior .  .  . actually ,  there is very good aged gouda . it develops salt crystals as mature cheddar and parmesan do . there is even aged goat's milk gouda ,  which is extraordinary . but the standard dutch  " breakfast slice "  che	big fact part half british british good september pm bit bit good standard	expand
28474	s and until it joined the eu  -  see greek economic miraclei was just countering the dismissive comment about my county by this greatest of cif  " thinkers "  martinineurope . he wrote that greece was a no - growth country in perpetual crisis . i gave the data which show it was not what he claimsin  ,  you may have noticed ,  there was a massive banking crisis the like of which has not been seen since  . thank you very much ,  and no other county ,  no matter how big its deficit was ,  decided to cut as much as greece was forced to cut . they knew that they would destroy their economy with pro - cyclical measures of such magnitude . what is most disgusting in this crisis is that the austerians try to throw all the blame to the greeks for the depth of this crisis ,  launching one vicious cultural attack after the other ,  while economists know well that with such cuts the economy was bound to go into depression killing even healthy capacity . every major economy saw some kind of councontraction . are you seriously	joined county growth country data show county big cut cut economy economy major economy	expand
32170	arsely ground dried grains of wheat andor barley or rye . but corn ?  never . btw potatoes in the form of sweet potato did leave america prior to columbus . but it went westward into the pacific on polynesian voyaging canoes . indisputable evidence that the polynesians discovered america before columbus and maybe before the vikings in newfoundland ,  the dating is imprecise . i reckon all countries had some kind of ground grain or cereal mashed up with water . porridge ,  gruel ,  congee ,  mush , tsampa .  .  . the romans had puls . polenta the word derives from puls ,  and that is what the roman armies marched on . jellytussel september pm . get ciffix for firefox . chasseur only refers to the sauce ,  so while you probably will get mushrooms in isn't neccesary to add them . well ,  yes ,  but i've never heard of anyone making chasseur sauce and leaving out the mushrooms . boscaiola in italy . bosca wood . claudia roden in the abruzzi and molise chapter of the food of italy includes pancetta or unsmoked bacon and slic	ground form evidence ground water september pm add making food includes	expand
12659	must be given time to establish the facts . and he has urged the united nations security council not to be  " missing in action "  as the syria crisis deepens . ban was speaking in the great hall of justice at the peace palace in the hague ,  which is marking its th anniversary .  " give peace a chance . give diplomacy a chance . stop acting and start talking ,  "  he said . ban ki - moon un secretary gerneralthe un isn't finish with their investigation ,  here is president obama and his crew of press agents ,  spilling their desire for airstrikes for this thursday . this president is a war monger just like his predecessor . if he was not a war monger ,  he would wait ,  and hold his folly for another day . it was remarkable obama's blonde haired female press secretary refuse to answer the legality issue of our military strike ,  that was brought up by a journalist correspondent . as we all know ,  when this government refuses to answer questions or dismiss questions ,  they are covering up their actions . sanity prevails .  . now ,  le	time council great give give start press war war day press government questions questions	expand
32551	their lack of belief in a god ? what cultures retain a belief in ancient roman ,  egyptian ,  greek ,  norse ,  etc .  today ? religion progresses changes ,  as do other areas of experience . monotheism seemed to grow out of polytheism ;  but the influence of polytheism left a terrible legacy whereas polytheist societies mayve tended towards tolerance of other deities ,  monotheist ones insisted theirs was the only god . leading to wars and many other forms of conflict ,  division ,  exploitation ,  discrimination ,  etc . but ,  as global travel escalated ,  and peoples from many and diverse cultures increasingly interacted ,  the notion that each cultures conception of a single god was an interpretation of the same god ,  grew . the god of abraham is the god of the jews ,  christians and muslims . that over half the world now recognizes one god ,  and the progress towards greater tolerance and understanding this can enable ,  may be one reason to favor one over many others . many and diverse cultures ,  with varying ideas about t	god today areas experience left god leading travel single god god god god half world god	expand
29990	me in general . most recent data that i am aware of are herehttpswww . gov . ukgovernmentpublicationsan - overview - of - sexual - offending - in - england - and - walesbecause of the nature of the offence . what does that mean exactly ? why doesn't the article address the fact that afzal ,  the cps regional director who first dealt with the case ,  ruled it didn't have enough merits to proceed but he was then overruled by someone from london ? it is worthless if it does not . this case has interference written all over it . it is absurd to say post - saville that allegations against celebreties can be treated normally . there is too much juicy meat in them for the papers to allow them to be treated as any other case . afzal is a highly competent prosecutor who is not afraid to be un - pc . the person who overruled him however .  .  . i'm not persuaded by this article at all .  " leaving aside the le vell case for a moment ,  this raises wider issues of how the criminal justice system deals with reports of historic child abuse .  " you aren	general recent data england article case london case post case article case issues system	expand
27258	r the participants ,  however ,  the two seem to be inseparable . my definition is based on my own analysis of how the word is used ,  using the same methods i apply to work out the meaning of any word . it's not an exact science but i find myself in agreement with the vast majority of english speakers about what words mean . so your position is majoritarian ,  unscientific and is not interested in any analysis except your own ? i think this is complacent ,  and although religion may mean what you say to most english speakers today ,  it doesn't actually work for ancient history and leads to a profound misunderstanding of its role in society . a serious problem with your definition is that there was no such concept until fairly recently . ancient writers never put it like that ,  they have no such word . words like hebrew halakha or greek diaitia our 'diet' or sanskrit dharma are the closest you get and are perhaps best translated as  " the law "  or  " the way "  or  " our ways "  or something like that ,  none of which are	based word work word find english words english today work history society put word words	expand
20567	ed in testing international norms .  .  . 'there are consequences . 'obama said military action  " also fits into a broader strategy we have "  to weaken assad and  " strengthen the opposition ,  "  in an effort to create conditions for  " peace and stability in the region .  "  " then obama has deliberately engineered the path for prolonged missile strikes at syria .  " that's precisely the way i read the situation . you'll find that neither john mccain or lindsey graham are considered to be  " rightwingers "  in the states . much of their opposition comes from their right ,  by neo - libertarians who oppose attacking syria . it used to be that  " rightwing "  was merely part of the political spectrum . but the republicans as a party have drifted so far to the right that  " rightwing "  is now an entire political spectrum of its own ,  and senators like mccain and graham would indeed be moderates within that spectrum . but outside of the republican party ,  i think they'd still be considered  " rightwing "  . that fails to recognize that a reluctant	international action conditions read find john considered part political party political party considered	expand
17574	ccessful spouse . but to interpret this statistic as evidence that gender - envyhatred is inherently more - or - less one - sided reveals ellens understandable lack of perspective that would be mitigated by a mature awareness of it . try one month of being called a wimp ,  loser ,  sissy and to stop - whining - and - get - back - up - and - take - it - like - a - man whenever you fall down or dont measure up ,  and it might dawn on you how it is that men also outnumber women in prisons ,  coronary wards ,  and battlefields ,  and why it is that we dare not be lulled into indulging in a more relaxed and balanced attitude towards our careers much as wed like to . more importantly ,  it might explain why one is more likely to read about misogyny than about misandry . this . it absolutely staggers me how many feminists seem to have grasped that the male gender role strongly involves not speaking about your problems ,  who then assume that the lack of discussion by males about their problems means their problems are fewer or less serious . i	month called back man men women read role problems problems means problems	expand
30154	e of stifling the opposition . true enough about sven i guess ,  he did pick up the pieces after keegan but from after the world cup in  ,  beckhamania was ridiculous . he could've put a stop to it ,  instead of indulging a player ,  who ,  lets be honest ,  was generally average but with one freakish talent . we all bought into it though ,  so can't really blame him . i don't see the shame in losing to a romania team who were quite good for four or five years beforehand . admittedly england took them a little for granted but they performed well in their next two games . hoddle's mistake was that he showed too much of his personality . in spain aragones was a horrible racist prat but he won a trophy . now i'm not condoning that behaviour but i think this part of the world is far too worried about what people say rather than what they do . i think it has a lot to do with hope more than anything else .  .  .  . after the mess taylor left behind ,  we were gazzas toenail away from reaching the final in  . venables and hoddle	world put team good years england part world people left final	expand
13774	at chemical weapons are present and being used . not really convincing to moi . that comment makes no mention of assad . it says you're not convinced ,  unlike that silly usa ,  that chemical weapons are present and being used . it ends with a glib 'to moi' . you've changed your view entirely since then ,  it would seem . good . the first step here is to realise people are dieing ,  in agony ,  in their hundreds . what i was trying to say and very badly and not clearly . you are right charles . very badly put . i knew what i meant and it was clear in my mind . just too tired i suppose . as you will see from my other posts . i am sure there has been chemical warfare happening . some writers on the ground in syria are not convinced about who did this . my poke at the usa is that they are convinced and so everyone must jump up and down and go to war . i suppose i am trying to say that anything the usa say is true is not necessarily so . for instance ,  i am not convinced that any intervention is about the use of wmd . as bad as that is a	present makes usa present view good people put clear ground usa war usa	expand
26741	murdoch to give them a bad name ,  they do a pretty good job of that on their own . i suppose it was murdoch who forced them to fiddle expenses ,  murdoch who forces them to lie and sleeze around . and politics may not be about the persuit of money ,  but it is about the persuit of power ,  which is worse ? for what its worth and since you raise the subject ,  i take the view a minority one ,  im afraid that you were punished disproportionately and as a result of an act of brainless spite . the contempt in which politicians are held has little to do with relatively trivial offences . it has everything to do with the mendacity ,  insincerity and cynicism that has taken over and coloured our political culture in respect of much larger issues than speeding points . to err is human ;  to lie and manipulate and deceive the people whom you are elected to serve is despicable far more despicable than anything you did . thanks for that . i don't think it is a minority view in fact . a lot of people have said that senten	give good money power subject view act issues human people view people	expand
27313	am . get ciffix for chrome . what do you think you would look like if you were left out in a mediteranean sun from dawn till dusk ? you wouldn't be just a bit red . exactly . by the end of all that it wouldn't look like any human being that had ever been alive . people wouldn't be cozying up to a walking carcass ,  would they ? if this happened as described they would be running a mile . the only answer if you don't want to think it through properly . erm .  .  .  quite the opposite in fact . what's more likely if you think it through ,  that some supernatural event happened that raised a man from the dead after three days ,  something that is utterly impossible by any standard ,  and this person didn't happen to look like the original guy .  .  .  .  .  or it was in fact someone else ? you need to think it through properly ,  i already have . there are plenty of eye witness testamonies about what happened . can you produce even one to support your theory ? nobody saw this man come back to life ,  they saw the guy who claimed to be	left end people fact event man days fact support man back life	expand
358	searchers drew from a data set of  .  million israelis ages to who were screened for fitness before starting mandatory military service between and  .  in these military health assessments  ,  height and weight are measured along with vision  ,  diabetes  ,  asthma  ,  and other health risks  .  the researchers then linked this youth data with cause of death information from the ministry of health  ,  focusing in particular on the relationship between body mass index a measure of body fat calculated by dividing one's weight by one's height squared and deaths from infectious diseases  .  of the  .  million people in the study  ,  had died from infectious diseases by middle age  .  among these  ,  the researchers uncovered staggering associations with bodyweight  .  obese women were at a sevenfold higher risk for infectious diseases death compared to normal - weight women  ,  while obese men were at a  .  - fold higher risk of infectious diseases death compared to normal - weight men  .  for every	data set million service health health data death information health body body million people women death women death	expand
2035	tes that are most reliant on mining and fossil - fuel extraction  .  a short breakdown q alaska is the one big energy state that's actually seen a decline q wyoming's mining sector has seen a large boom in the past decade  ,  particularly as us coal production  ;  continues to shift from appalachia to wyoming's powder river basin  .  advanced fracking and horizontal drilling techniques have also allowed companies to extract oil and gas from  ;  the niobara formation  .  alaska is the one big state bucking the trend  -  whereas lots of other energy states have seen a boom in fossil - fuel production due to fracking  ,  alaska's mining industry actually declined last year  .  one big factor conventional oil production is declining in the state's crucial north slope oil fields  .  west virginia's massive coal industry has also faced a decline  -  particularly as us coal plants shut down and production moves to wyoming  .  but the state's mining sector is still growing  ,  in part because shale - gas productio	big energy state sector large production oil big state energy production industry year big oil production oil industry production sector part	expand
13238	ely . my fridge has never been out of broccoli since then ,  though i don't eat as much as i used to . excellent pain killer ! it's called the placebo effect . it's like your granny always said greens are good for you . although broccoli always gets talked about ,  spring greens ,  kale ,  cavolo nero and bok choy have even more nutrients . fortunately i like all of those . i prefer  " rapini "  ,  also known as broccoli rabe ,  to the big broccoli in the photo illustrating the article ,  but imagine it has the same nutrients .  httpen . wikipedia . orgwikirapinii can't eat the big tough broccoli raw ,  though . too tough on the teeth and too hard to digest . probably the most important thing is simply to eat a lot of green veg ,  of several varieties . can you get a broccoli pizza  ? if you make your own pizza you can have exactly what you want on it  -  ooh the possibilities ! or if making your own is too much trouble ,  buy a basic frozen pizza and add your own toppings to that . you are allowed you know . i do that with the supermarke	called good big big hard important green make making buy add	expand
17581	t women ,  pay discrepancies ,  the rising objectifying of women ,  the need patriarchal society had in the past  -  even up to  -  not to 'allow' women to do certain things ,  such as take out a mortgage without a male guarantor ? my belief is that this need of male society in general not consented to by many men !  to control women because they are 'lesser' would provide a breeding ground for contempt ,  hatred and in some cases violence . the capacity for violence is an innate and even animalistic in human beings . however the ways in which we are taught and conditioned to use it is almost entirely socially constructed ,  and it is very complicated ,  both in etiology and function . we are taught both actively and by imitation when to use violence ,  when not to use violence ,  what the limits to the use of violence should be . there was a traditional community punishment used for hundreds of years even as late as the early th century called the skimmington ride ,  which would be used against men who allo	women women society women things society general men control women provide community years early men	expand
20490	women will do it ,  but there is no doubt that the rape and abuse of women is a problem with and for men and not a problem with women . from a male perspective the story is of wicked evil women . as a man ,  i completely reject this as being my perspective . and i cannot think of any men i know who would say this . from my perspective as a woman the story is of weak and feeble men incapable of self - control and unable to accept responsibility for their own behaviour . what proportion of men do you claim are like this ? men want women to forgive them for this weakness and ,  if they don't ,  they punish them with force and rape . what proportion of men do you claim are like this ? if it is truly the case that men are incapable of self - control where sex is concernedif that was truly the case then men from the age of fourteen or so would be raping girls and women every time they fancied one . don't you think you are going slightly over the top ? that is also called rape and there are instances of female teachers who	women women problem men problem women story women man men story men control men men women men case men control case men women time top called	expand
17159	d ,  natasha blamed her and as a result ,  she moved back to live with her dad and didn't see her mum for months . that can happen even after a proper explanation . children can be easily influenced by one parent who disputes the explanation . interesting article . i'm and my sister's  ,  we're currently not speaking . our parents split when we were and  .  . what's that .  . almost thirty years later the effects are palpable . i think i'm fairly well - adjusted under the circumstances ,  our mum also took us to australia ,  her country of birth and a country we knew very little about ,  leaving greece and our father behind years after the divorce . irreparable emotional gullies .  . lol .  . i have lived in london since i was more or less solidly and am more comfortable here than the two countries i grew up in and i'm happy but it's been tricky . i still don't feel i have full knowledge of what went on and i don't think my parents do either frankly .  . i wish we could all sit down as a family of sorts and talk thr	back live months children parents years country country years london full parents family	expand
6441	i have posted before to some degree you dont need religion to tell you whats right and wrong . atheists can be good people too by human standards . we all have a conscience which is hardwired to help us act in harmony with gods standards . the reason for the practice of the judeo - christian tradition is that it can hone the conscience to the level that god really finds pleasing .  " those who are not jews do not have the law ,  but when they freely do what the law commands ,  they are the law for themselves . this is true even though they do not have the law . they show that in their hearts they know what is right and wrong ,  just as the law commands . and they show this by their consciences . sometimes their thoughts tell them they did wrong ,  and sometimes their thoughts tell them they did right .   -  romans  -  new century versionunfortunately ,  many of the judeo - christian religions have been corrupted by human thinking and wishful thoughts . the promotion of the afterlife and all sorts of super	posted good people human standards act standards practice level law law law law show law show human	expand
2530	and said they were happy all the time  .  even when the researchers statistically removed the effects of other factors such as parental social class so that the effects of family type were isolated  ,  the results showed no significant differences  .  jenny chanfreau  ,  senior researcher at natcen  ,  told the conference that  ,  in contrast  ,  relationships with parents and other children were strongly linked with how likely the seven - year - olds were to be happy  .  for instance  ,  factors such as getting on well with siblings and not being bullied at school were associated with being happy all the time  .  ms chanfreau said they found a similar result when analysing another set of survey data on  ,  children aged to in the uk this also showed no significant statistical difference in the level of wellbeing among children in the three types of family when the effects of family type were studied in isolation  .  she told the conference we found that the family type had no signi	time family type conference children year school time found set data children children family family type conference found family type	expand
25609	f a democratically elected government in another sovereign country and its replacement with a dictatorship  -  evidently and proven  -  killing and torturing thousands is not only ok but to be celebrated . and ,  on the other ,  that whatever a vastr majority of people ,  in the us ,  in the uk ,  or in france think about bombing the shit out of people in other countries  -  some politicians still think it should and as kerry says  " must be done "  . extraordinary ,  scary ,  and very ,  very sad aspects of 'humanity' .  .  .  . your premise appears to be that because there are brutal dictatorships at other ends of the political spectrum to pinochet's that criticism of his governance is hypocritical . you appear to assume that those of us who are critical of pinochet are supporters of leftist dictatorships . this is entirely fallacious . chuk tatum  ,  you admit  "  some human right abuses  "   ,  indeed  ! hundred  ,  thousands of people were tortured  ,  killed . have you forgotten operation condor where chilean prisoners were swapped for	government country thousands people france people countries aspects political critical human thousands people	expand
14530	oblem is that  " strikers "  are back defending too ,  right  ? what if we team played with what it calls  " defenders "  none of whom go beyond the half way line  -  would that be more acceptable to you  ? seems like it's the terms and their definitions that are throwing you off . simeone is a deusche and i don't mean german , and i am argentine so don't worry about nationalismyeah ,  same here . i still get shivers from the memory of simeone in argentina's national team wearing the number on his back . i quite like him ,  but then i'm not argentine . i used to dislike him ,  he represented a sort of dearth of ideas and skill ,  whenever he played for argentina ,  never felt his type of player was necessary for them . as a manager though ,  taking on a club known for chaos and failure and brittleness ,  he's built something really impressive out of it . i'm not sure if everyone gets the same english commentary but when the fan ran onto the field the commentator  ,  without breaking stride  ,  and with no change in inflection	back team played line national team number back played taking club english change	expand
12056	ive "  women while he was in office ,  which implies submissive wives who have little say over when they have unprotected sex with their husbands . and all sex must be unprotected . my grandmother ,  after her third childbirth nearly killed her the baby did die shortly after birth ,  was told by her doctor that another pregnancy would ,  in fact ,  kill her . her local parish priest forbade her using birth control when she spoke to him about this . this is  " pro - life "  ? no ,  this is about exercising total control over a woman's body and life . vert true they cc are currently waging a decade long battle with the philippines over allowing women birth control . women who live in abject poverty . httpwww . foxnews . comworldchurch - begins - final - philippine - birth - control - battleno ,  this is about exercising total control over a woman's body and life . of course it is . and a poisonous attitude towards human sexuality . my grandmother nearly died in childbirth in the s . it was her or the baby . luckily ,  her older	women office local control life total control body life long women control women live control total control body life human	expand
4374	s appeared any prophet nor any other part of the world god had called all people of all nations towards him through prophet mohammed as calling him a prophet for whole mankind say  " o men ! i am sent unto you all , quran and the practice of its law was not for a particular group like other religion but for whole mankind . super  ,  i prefer to think for myself ,  if there was a deity it did not provide me with the mental capacity of a parrot but capacity for free thought ,  and an amazing capacity for not threatening anyone with violence for failing to comply with my own rules for life . an amazing capacity for not threatening anyone with violence for failing to comply with my own rules for life . no religion has to resort to force when it is capable of establishing its truth through rational arguments ,  undisputed testimonies ,  and heavenly signs . on the other hand ,  no further argument is required to falsify a religion which does not possess these qualities and turns to the sword to compensate	part world god people practice group provide free life life required	expand
15401	hope you have a wonderful healthy babyps .  we never got back together not sure if that was obvious ! it's not at all clear why not . also good luck explaining to the child why mummy and daddy split up !  ! your poor wife . were you feeling the same just before you married  -  and you didn't share your doubts with your wife - to - be then ,  either ? to  " avoid hurting her "  ? this wouldn't bode well couples need to talk about their feelings ;  if you refrain from opening up about doubts and other negative feelings ,  things will only get worse in the long run . she is your wife ,  your life - partner ,  your other half  " sparing her "  any negative feelings you have about your joint venture basically means lying to your wife ,  and is exactly the wrong way to go . you don't tell her ,  so your resentments and sexual holding back will build up inside you  -  only to erupt sometime in the future and maybe do irreparable damage .  .  .  . yes ,  this feeling arose out of yourself ,  and you do need to address your difficulties with the concep	back good child wife wife things long run wife life means wife back future	expand
25470	australia remains an anti - right - wing country . liberalnational coalition have been part of the furniture in australian politics for a long time now . what have you not understood ? the majority of australians who voted did not vote for the coalition . yes ,  they did ! australia remains an anti - right - wing country . no ,  it isn't ! are you sure you you don't mean austria ? lolaa ooh dear .  .  .  . i think you didn't spell it correctly .  .  .  . it's labor !  !  ! now if you had kevin around .  .  . steam would be coming from his ears ,  his fist raised and clenched and thumping the table with the foulest expletives coming from his mouth while stamping his foot at that misspelling . the true side of kevin that has been cleverly stage managed .  .  .  . but still manages to get out . oh and you would now be off for a yr stint in the australian embassy in kabul .  .  .  . maybe that's why his staff were so afraid of him and left in droves . the coalition have achieved  .  of the vote . that's not a majority ,  even in the dunder - headed world of right - win	country part long time country coming coming side stage staff left world	expand
29712	to be in exactly the same space as gerrard and lampard when england are attacking . arsene sees him as a number  ,  but he's just bought the best number there is ,  and jack the lad won't be first choice there for arsenal . but what are the alternatives ? carrick can spot any pass ,  but has no pace and can't tackle . if he sits deep ,  then england will certainly be exposed at the back . cleverley is about to lose his place at united to fellaini ,  because he's not quite good enough . rooney can play in midfield ,  but it wastes his explosive ability to burst past players and score . ashley young played at at the beginning of euro  ,  but he lacks the vision to make the position his own . so we've got no number  ,  two breaking midfielders and a glaring lack of a defensive midfielder . we haven't really had one of those since owen hargreaves' day in the sun ,  and there aren't many looking like they're going to arrive any day soon . plus ,  our two wide men like to cut inside in the modern fashion . which gives	england number number england back place good play past young make number day day	expand
20536	and liberty and national independence ,  and are we to judge all these and condemn them by their fruits ? anyhow such a modern war is much greater than any of the wars that can be referred to religious motives ,  or even religious epochs . the broad truth about the matter is that wars have become more organised ,  and more ghastly in the particular period of materialism .  " g . k .  chestertonthe broad truth about the matter is that wars have become more organised ,  and more ghastly in the particular period of materialism .  " war has always been ghastly . does religious conviction provide a powerful reason for killing ? undeniably it often does . it also often provides the sole compelling reason for refusing to kill ,  or for being merciful ,  or for seeking peace ;  only the profoundest ignorance of history could prevent one from recognising this . truth is that religion and irreligion are cultural variables ,  but killing is a human constant . yes . the real question concerning the history of christianity is why so many	national war religious religious matter period matter period war religious provide reason reason history human real history	expand
29986	sts must be protected to ensure that we don't have trial by sentiment . no - one should be obliged to prove their innocence ,  that is a cornerstone of our judicial system . if an accusation is made ,  the accuser must be willing to be tested and they're protected in these sorts of cases more than others and for the prosecution using their evidence to prove it beyond reasonable doubt . as to third party evidence  -  i can only assume you mean hearsay ,  since everything else is admissable e . g ,  he told me he did itthey previously thought the case wasn't strong enough and were then pressured into pursuing the case without any new evidence . how do you know they were pressured into it ? news reports merely state that they reviewed evidence ,  and reconsidered their decision . the girl also showed mental health problems in the past and began these allegations after returning from a self help seminar with her mother . these traits are often symptoms of being abused . they also increase somebody's chance of being v	ensure system made evidence evidence case case evidence news state evidence health problems past	expand
12271	good . back bacon ,  but without any trimming of the fat . both meat and fat are necessary ,  and streaky bacon often doesn't yield much of the former . white bread . brown bread usually has more flavour and this tends to obscure the taste of the bacon . i don't hold with 'any bread will do'  -  the bread needs to be of decent quality ,  otherwise it turns to mush . but it must be white . no sauce of any kind . i want to taste the bacon ,  and not the sauce . rind - on . got to be rind - on bacon and not rindless . and cooked util the narrow strip of rind has blisterd and gone crispy . crispy ? good grief no  .  .  .  . the sandwich has to oink at you . but the rind usually goes crispy while the meat is still chewy but browing on the outside . i would say that the bacon is perfect at exactly that point . i like the fact there's an article on the guardian site every couple of months that allows us to debate the bacon sarnie . the one thing that unites all meat eaters and the one food that no one can be persuaded that their way is not best	good back white quality white good point fact article site months food	expand
23989	cbrits are not taking enough crap each day . obesity cause dthe  " old "  physical jobs have been replaced by jobs sitting down at a desk . even getting to work currently means sitting down rather than walkingcycling . httpwww . magnumphotos . comc . aspx ? vpsearchresultstidsrydytrobesity cause etoo many calories . from whatever source . that's very true . but don't you think it's worth investigating the reasons people consume too many calories ,  where those calories come from etc  ? it's bit like saying poverty is caused by not having enough money . oh absolutely ,  but until we acknowledge that basic truth ,  the problem will continue . i gather the chinese have a diabetes epidemic these days . they may be eating more ,  i don't know . on the other hand ,  they might be eating the same and doing sedentary jobs . don't assume that because people are discussing the reasons ,  it means they aren't acknowledging this basic truththey may be eating more ,  i don't know . on the other hand ,  they might be eating the same a	taking day jobs jobs work means people money basic days hand jobs people means basic hand	expand
19011	e . a very interesting and thoughtful post . great post . btw ,  they don't have that attitude to the ash woods in dovedale anymore ,  i can assure you . i fear that you fall into the trap ,  like george monbiot ,  of perhaps overstating the case . are your woodlands going to be left to their own devices ,  or are you advocating managing them in some way ? nothing wrong with some ashwood regeneration ,  however what if it is the animals and plants of open grassland you would prefer to favour ? was it really just the  " views "  that your s conservationists wanted to protect ? i've known the dovedale area for over years ,  and i'm a keen naturalist ,  so please don't tell me that things there now are necessarily better for all forms of life . i also know the nearby manifold valley well and i've actually read the descriptions and lists of the groundflora that pigott and others found there in the woodlands in the late s - early s . sure you might still find some small - leaved lime today there today and some large	post great post area years life read found find small today today	expand
15418	r all ,  has happened across africa ,  south america ,  the middle east and asia ,  and is a reflection not of the immorality of islam or religion or people in general but the capacity of colonialism ,  capitalism and imperialism to wreak havoc in ordinary people's livesi partly agree with this argument ,  but anyone with an internet connection and an inclination can see firsthand what happens when these people find themselves with power over any other person's life . i don't feel the need to search my soul at all before i condemn crucifixions and beheadings . to paraphrase g . k .  chestertonwhen christians cease to give believe their own discredited tosh they invariably try to justify some else's woo . don't know why there's a  " give "  in there . with hindsight it seems as though i wanted to make a very clever comment seem like embarrassing gibberish . even if you remove the word  " give "  i'm still baffled by what your trying to get at  . the majority of egyptians are not christian ,  the muslim brotherhood follow a	south east people general people find power life search give give make give	expand
3647	ors on a busy rush - hour train and climbed on to tracks after becoming panicked in the carriage  .  it happened outside wimbledon station in south - west london at bst as a man apparently began reading lines aloud from the bible  .  commuters became scared when the man also began saying death is not the end  ,  a passenger said  .  rail power lines were cut as passengers self - evacuated  ,  police said  .  trains on the route were disrupted for nearly hours  ,  but are now running normally  .  ian  ,  who was on the train  ,  said the mans bible - reading led to a commotion and a crush  .  he said someone then asked the man to stop speaking as he was scaring people and the guy stopped and stood there with his head down  .  another report suggests he was reading verses about homosexuality and sex outside of marriage  .  heres more from this ian guy who tweeted as it was happening im not sure i agree with someone reading bible verses in front of a captive audience on a trai	south west london man reading man end power hours reading man people report reading reading	expand
22586	cerns their children have about sex and to be able to speak frankly and honestly . the notion that it is too awkward does amount to an abrogation of responsibility . children are open and honest and can ask some stonkingly difficult questions about everything from biological fact to morality . parents just have to deal with it and be parents . jonzaa september pm . get ciffix for firefox . seems that way . after all it worked for underage drinking right ?   .  .  . right ? teaching sex ed in schools isn't about trying to muscle parents out of teaching their children about sex or absolving them of responsibility . it is about ensuring that kids whose parents don't teach them about sex ,  or who teach them things that aren't true ,  are not disadvantaged by that . would anyone seriously disagree with philip larkin ,  that  " they fuck you up ,  your mum and dad "  ? imagine an extreme example where parents treat early menstruation like some sinful act that someone should be punished for . that's just one reason for sc	children children open parents parents september pm teaching schools parents teaching children parents things parents early act	expand
17569	too and i still do ,  nearly thirty years after her death . those who make it their business to seek out misandry have done a sterling job of  " finding "  it just about everywhere ,  and ,  by doing so ,  popularising and formalising the concept . fantastic . you're so right barbara . and obviously one could say exactly the same about misogyny ,  sexism and all the other victimisms they write about on cif . i'm sure the irony was intended . almost sure .  .  . haha too true . we had an article telling us the term 'friendzone' was misogyny not long ago . the lack of self awareness would be funny if this wasn't one of a long list of sexist articlesseems two of my posts have been censored by some male toe rag at the guardian . the truth hurts ,  obviously . oh look ! male - hating perma - rage ! obviously . couldn't possibly be because they were hate filled . because that would mean you could sometimes be wrong . they weren't hate - filled . no . i simply said ,  in answer to someone who posted there was no evidence of misogyny ,  that too many men	years make business job article long long list posted evidence men	expand
25189	ed for life for murder . but in some cases the crime is so callus and sickening that i feel genuinely angry  -  and i'm just a guy in a country thousands of miles away  -  imagine how her parents feel . murder is one thing  -  maybe a disagreement between two people that eventually results in violence  -  but to do what they did is on the lowest level of humanity . if i'm correct ,  they repeatedly raped a young student ,  then beat her and 'sodomised' her with an iron bar ,  causing massive internal bleeding and later death . people who could even bring themselves to do that are barely human ,  and though i know ,  rationally ,  that capital punishment is a poor punishment for any state to carry out ,  i still think these sub - human scum deserve death among all else . sorry the third to final word shouldn't be  " among "  ,  it should be  " above "  . but where would you draw the line ? would they deserve the death penalty if they hadn't inserted the rod ? if they hadn't bitten her ? if they hadn't raped her repeatedly ? if they hadn't	life feel country feel people results level young death people human state human death death	expand
12331	ressed the prosecution of nazi leaders for planning and initiating aggressive war . supreme court justice robert jackson ,  the head of the american prosecution staff ,  asserted  " that launching a war of aggression is a crime and that no political or economic situation can justify it .  " he also declared that  " if certain acts in violation of treaties are crimes ,  they are crimes whether the united states does them or whether germany does them ,  and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us .  " what is your response ? question on the issue of chemical weapons ,  why did the forces you integrated deploy depleted uranium in several theatres of war and this being the case does this not render you guilty of using chemical weaponry against civilians ? in case you are considering stating that du is not a chemical weapon then how would you reply to this excerpt from page of the june paper june  " health and en	war head staff war united issue war case case page june paper june health	expand
15513	ervene ,  since it's  " best we stay the hell out "  because  " we've nowt to gain there ,  and much to lose "  . but i didn't suggest an intervention on the grounds that there was much to gain or no risk of any loss . the reason for intervention that i suggested is quite a different one . by the way ,  your colloquial phrase ,  applied to a situation in which hundreds of civilians were just horrifically killed ,  is in rather questionable taste ,  don't you think ? it's easy to forget ,  of course ,  that hundreds of civilians were just horrifically killed when talking ,  as you are ,  of one's own interests . well ,  i'm not sure if you're asking me to publish evidence . i hope not ,  because the evidence i have is the evidence that is now publicly available . given that there is publicly available evidence incuding ,  for instance ,  background knowledge about the military capabilities of both sides it seems strange to say ,  as you do ,  that  " all we have "  is testimony about secret evidence . so ,  since you misdescribe the situation ,  w	stay gain gain risk reason situation easy evidence hope evidence evidence evidence background knowledge evidence situation	expand
23524	lies one of the arguments used to support nuclear power is that it will reduce our oil use . this is simply not true because most of the oil that we use is for gas in our automobiles and nuclear power has nothing to do with that since it is producing electricity not fuel .  "  " nuclear power will not reduce carbon emissions while the plant itself at the point of producing energy may not be emitting as much carbon pollution as a coal plant ,  it does create equal or greater amounts of carbon emissions during the entire process leading up to that point .  " getting back on topic of my original post ,  this isn't about electricity supply its about oil running out ,  and humanity not being able to function without it at its current growth rate . your so naive to think that all this infrastructure can be constructed ,  you ask for me to prove i say just watch the film and stop talking crapwell ,  some form of infrastructure needs to be constructed .  .  .  be it renewable or nuclear . and renewables will have big probl	support power oil oil power power point energy process point back post oil current form	expand
24378	war on another country or even the heinous assad regime . good post . intelligently argued . but i can't agree . allowing assad to get away with using chemical weapons against his own people ? and your evidence is .  .  .  .  .  .  .  ? is this guy serious ? irrational ? have you studied us foreign policy in regards to foreign intervention after world war  ? do you understand the underlying issues of war with syria ? if you believe in the myth of morality in regards to us foreign policy being this beacon of democratic justice you're living in a fantasy world . look at men like henry kissinger and tell me that us foreign interventions are a  " force for good "  . nobody is saying assad's a good guy ,  but nobody wants more civilian deaths at the hands of the already bloodsoaked paws of the american government . there is nothing irrational about fearing foreign intervention when your government has a history of bloodshed ,  cruelty ,  and injustice when  " intervening "  in foreign matters . the assumption that there is nothing worse in the	war country good people foreign policy foreign world war issues war foreign policy world foreign good good government foreign government history foreign	expand
20921	ime  -  yuk . indian foodfrenchthaiitaliangreekin that order . indian food by far and away the winner . home cooked punjabi cuisine to be precise ,  but indian food in general catalan !  !  !  ! unpretentious gastronomic greatness served on a paper plateso .  much .  pork .  so .  much .  pork .  no . thai please . greek . i love japanese ,  mexican ,  french ,  vietnamese and british ,  too ,  but greek food makes me very happy . i could live on a diet of pastitsio ,  spanakopita ,  fresh sardines and tasty salad ,  dolmades ,  gemista .  .  .  homer simpson - esque droolinggod ,  i can't wait to be there in a couple of weeks' time ! chicken jalfrezi ,  saag paneer ,  daal ,  a cheese and garlic naan .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  all with capital letters apart from  " and "  . that's not to say i don't absolutely adore .  .  .  . roast beef with yorkshire pudding ,  roast potatoes and gravy ,  or roast chicken with roast parsnips ,  roast potatoes ,  roast red onions ,  carrots ,  peas and gravy .  .  .  .  .  .  . or irish stew .  .  .  .  . or penaang chicken with rice .  .  . or squid with basil and chilli .  . 	order food home food general paper love british food makes live time	expand
24677	tive part of the brain ,  connected to fight ,  flight or freezing . we can consider behaviour to be a language too ,  a language that has a response in other behaviour . ultimately in sophisticated dance . if i intentionally communicate a primary meaning to someone ,  that person's understanding of my communication translates to a secondary meaning in the mind of that person . the possibility of my failure to communicate effectively ,  or for the other person to misunderstand or have a different interpretation of my intentional communication than intended and therefore for the secondary meaning to be unequal to the primary ,  indicates that meaning is not simply 'in the eye of the beholder' ,  but something more like an 'entity' within an individual . a beholder is not required for the meaning to exist . to turn a well - worn thought experiment on its head an observer is not needed to know whether the cat in the box is alive or dead ,  for the simple reason that there is a cat in the box . this may have meaning f	part behaviour language language behaviour primary meaning meaning person person meaning primary meaning individual required meaning head box box meaning	expand
30148	ey want to control possession and ignore the very players that can deliver that type of football . all this adds up . well ,  we'll have to disagree on that  -  i think gerrard is perfectly capable in that role . so at least hodgson admits that the long ball tactic was a deliberate choice  -  and not just a csq of the technical deficiencies of english players as we're so often told . that's progress  .  .  of sorts . if you want to improve english football you have to to implement a coherent policy . you cant say you're going to teach kids how to play passing skill based football and then ask players who play well for the biggest clubs in the land to resort to long ball tactics . you cant claim that you intend to reform coaching in football and then put roy hodgson in charge of the england team . its this lack of consistency which means that the fa have zero credibilityit's obvious really . a team that was playing reasonably well and creatively getting the majority of possession in a lot of matches under capello	control players football long english players english football play based football players play long football put england team team	expand
29981	compelling and the accused looks like he's lying through his teeth ,  i could never claim to be sure beyond reasonable doubt that a rape had taken place . it would be unjust if sexual allegations could not be tried without corroboration because this would allow abusers to abuse children with impunity . rape is a crime that does not take place with witnesses present . no it wouldn't . for the reasons i've outlined above ,  no matter how sure you are that a person is telling the truth ,  they could still be mistaken . doubly so for a child . you are advocating risking putting innocent people in jail because of what you think is likely to have happened rather than what you know happened . if that is the true ,  then it is truly horrifying . plenty of people serving year plus sentences on the basis of uncorroborated testimony from complainants in historic sex abuse cases . are you saying that you would feel comfortable putting a man in jail based on the coherence and apparent reliability of the testimony of one	place children place present person child people people year feel man based	expand
27619	y used as a term for negative things . i know many people are ignorant about the effects ,  but once you know ,  you're a dick . simple as . i didn't say people will stop giving you a hard time if you stop complaining . i said they may give you a harder time if you intolerantly complain about the non - homophobic use of a word on the grounds of tolerance . i'm not complaining on the grounds of tolerance ,  but of thoughts for others . and it's exactly what you said  -  i should shut up to avoid gay people having a harder time . it may well become their problem . good luck to anyone who uses that within my earshot . so your response to what you define as inconsiderate behaviour is something to be afraid of . what if the child that you berate for doing so in your presence doesn't know that it can also be used as a slur ,  and thinks it just means rubbish ? your whole attitude to it is inconsiderate of the feelings of anyone other than those who may be not just are offended by its use . so inconsiderate in fact that you a	things people people stop time stop give time people time problem good child means fact	expand
16029	league yesterday ,  if dave had come to the house and said -  we plan to try every diplomatic means possible to remove assad -  but i think we have to prepared to intervene militarily in syria -  and we may be there for a decade -  we likely won't get a unsc resolution but we will follow the process but we will have the general assembly behind usi probably could have gone for that because it is clear and logical and acknolwedges the difficulties . thanks jc . mutual appreciation time i have to say that i've found your posts throughout this whole syria non - debate debacle interesting ,  nuanced and fair ,  and they've trumped much of the atl coverage . not that your posts aren't normally good ,  of course ,  just they've stood out this week in particular for me . i completely agree with what you've said here ,  too . you can probably tell my instincts are also against intervention ,  but this is exactly the kind of issue that needs to be about evidence and approach ,  rather than feeling ,  about acknowledging the terms	house means process general time found posts posts good week terms	expand
23622	superior to their traditionally dominant rivals ,  at least in number holland and arsenal ,  yet their rivals still are the better ,  more capable teams . a minor bugbear ,  but it's beginning to annoy me as i've noticed it happen not just below the line ,  but also above it ;  if you have more than  " things "  in a list ,  you really shouldn't use 'former' and 'latter' to describe them . also ,  you are being rather harsh on belgium . i don't think they are world beaters just yet ,  but they have a young and talented team that have a lot of promise and potential . were i a better man ,  i'd peg them as the dark horse for a semi final spot at the world cup ultimately ,  i think they'd come unstuck against the likes of italy ,  germany ,  spain or brazil . if the belgium squad were all english ,  i'd be very excited . alas they are not ,  but as a chelsea fan ,  i can take some consolation that four of their shining lights ply their trade for my club . should read moldova should take credit for rare clean sheet . let's keep calm ,  i	number things list world young team man world english club read	expand
17150	t killed at such a high rate that the human race was wiped out "  . as for surviving in any other sense of the word ,  you have absolutely no idea . i found the article itself a bit  " me focused "  by the kid .  .  . kids have a tendency to focus on their own needswhat ,  you expect children to make a sacrifice for their parents' happiness ? children had no choice but to be born . their parents were the ones who made that decision ,  and it is therefore up to the parents to make the sacrifices . if you don't like that ,  don't have children . i feel that what i was trying to say here and in the film has been slightly misrepresented . so for those who are still interested .  .  .  . sometimes this article seems to paint a picture of  " divorce bad ,  marriage good "  . i don't agree with that . there's no doubt that being brought up by a pair of miserable ,  arguing parents can be far more confusing and troubling for kids than understanding why their parents need to separate  -  as is borne out by the comments here ,  and the experience of	high human found article children make children parents made parents make children article good parents parents experience	expand
10336	 .  .  . he is a jealous god ;  he will not forgive your transgressions or your sins and nah a jealous and avenging god is the lord ,  the lord is avenging and wrathful .  .  .  ,  have the meaning of 'jealous' ,  'angry' . njs if they meant  " zealous "  then bloody write  " zealous "   -  if not we'll read what it says with common sense and our  " god given "  intellect and leave the twisting to you . and this from steelclaws above .  .  .  . i have the meaning of 'jealous' ,  'angry'amazing how these biblical scholars suddenly spring up ,  well - versed in the ot and with sleeves rolled up for a 'debate . ' "  " jealous "  in the bible in the context of god is quite different to jealous in the context of man .  " what's the fecking point of god writing us an instruction manual that only he knows the meaning of the words for  ? does he work for ikea or something  ?  " the god of the old testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction jealous and proud of it ;  a petty ,  unjust ,  unforgiving control - freak ;  a vindictive	god god lord lord read common god context god context man point god writing work god control	expand
14265	tempted to get it cut supershort again i'd have to go to someone else . long live the pixie ! as a guy ,  i've had funny looks taking a picture of seberg in ' bout de souffle as a reference but i've discovered it's not much different from steve mcqueens in a lot of photos . hold on .  .  . no winona ryder ? postergirl and pioneer of the pixie for the s generation ! seconded ,  i nearly cut all my hair off when she did and i do not have the face for it .  .  . i did ! i'd say it's debatable if i  " have the face for it "  ,  i'm certainly no winona ,  but hell i like it ! my youngest sister even had an amy march esque reaction when i cut off my waist length hair for charity ! yup she really suited it . i had winona's pixie cut ! and nobhead bf immediately said i looked like a lesbian and went back to his ex . so you could say it saved me some time .  .  .  .  it's back to long now , though . can't believe no one has mentioned shannyn sossamon ,  what happened to her ? shannyn is gorgeous . but i tend to think of her more with bobbed hair ra	cut long live taking de lot cut face face march cut cut back time back long	expand
19376	ge that cw won't be tolerated . in fact ,  we only send the message that we will never choose a peaceful solution ,  that other nations have no reason to trust us at all . levin needs to explain under what authority he seeks the removal of assad and why he believes he has the right to kill the syrian people to achieve that aim . a pox on him and those like him ,  who have no care for all those civilians the us has killed on its mission to install even more obsequious dictators in that region . those deaths matter to me and i do not consent to their killing . agreed .  .  .  and seconded .  .  . sander levin ,  jewish member of congress . is there any doubt as to which country's interests he's really representing ? taking down syria has been on israel's agenda for years . it's the prelude to taking down iran . september  ,  el qaeda blows up the world trade centre . september  ,  the yankee regime goes to war on behalf of el qaeda . it is not only criminal but stupid and has a whiff of treason about it . obama read to	people care member taking years taking september world centre september war read	expand
19349	forget that idolatry isn't just about idolizing evil things but ,  also ,  good things that are over - emphasized so for ,  example ,  sex between husband and wife is good ,  but if the couple spend all day and night for weeks on end just having sex ,  then they're turning a good thing into a bad thing . exact same with dogma . dogma is a good thing . but if we overemphasize it at the expense of our personal connection with divine and others ,  then it become an idol . and so the sin of idolatry . but if we overemphasize it -  or rather ,  more precisely ,  if we over - emphasize the importance of the nature of dogma in comparison to the purpose of dogma then dogma becomes an idol . again ,  to be crude ,  whether you believe the devil is literal or metaphorical ,  the devil has a better grasp of dogma than anyone human who has ever lived . but he is incapable of utilizing dogma for what it's really for getting to know and love and be loved by the divine  -  god  -  in a personal ,  spiritual and material i . e .  through the euchar	things good things good day night end good thing thing good thing personal human love god personal	expand
32720	at all . what could make a difference is the anger and the indignation of all women in india  -  with the support of men who believe women should have all the rights and freedoms that men enjoy  -  this could make a difference ,  if that anger is channelised effectively . it will take years and years to change the mindsets of men who've become accustomed to thinking of women as their 'property' or their slaves  -  but it the needed change in the 'police system' could happen in a couple of years ;  the severity of the sentence on those four rapist - murderers seems to indicate that some parts of the judicial system have already begun to change ;  and there are signs that various other parts of our societal systems are learning how to treat such offences with the deserved seriousness . for example ,  the government of karnataka state has set up fast - track courts to try crimes against women ,  two of them in bangalore . it really is up to us  -  women and men of india  -  to ensure that the needed changes do happ	make women support men women men make years years change men women change years system change learning government set women women men	expand
22030	ies debate another few articles ,  surely ! i'm sure the comment histories of many a feminist writing on these pages would now make fascinating reading on this issue . all the people now saying they  " didn't really agree with femen "  ,  i wonder what they were saying back then ? i was thinking 'i can't see how waving your breasts about in public is in anyway feminist . 'it was a real puzzle why any paper gave it credibility given that all the women involved in this wereare young and attractive . i remember exactly what i said .  march pm yet another club you only get to join if you're young and nubile . yay . one may argue that the construction of patriarchy is just  " natural "  women are weaker and have babies or that it is cultural ,  and therefore changes as technology and contraception alters what is purely natural . either way ,  it produces a multi - faceted system in which men at the top are the most advantaged . the spectrum of privilege is huge . i think there can be a clear indicator here which	make people back public women young club young natural women natural system top	expand
16182	with you . could be a lot of this has been caused by obama's invention of a red line  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  without thinking through the implications if his bluff was called . it's a good thing the iranians haven't got their nuclear weapons yet . strong arm tactics from the tories . if i'd've been in parliament last night and witnessed michael gove's assault on the rebels ,  i'd've physically knocked him flat with a surgical strike to his very feminine jaw .  .  . not only because i'd like to and he deserves it but ,  because that's the kind of lawless reckless world he so fervently wants . because that's the kind of lawless reckless world he so fervently wants . market  .  .  . force . er . feminine jaw ? haven't you checked in your sexist bias yet ? of course ,  that kind of school play ground ranting is precisely what he was caught out doing after the debate . i try to feel sorry for him ,  because he must have been bullied at school by big boys who pick on  " feminine "  ones ,  but that doesn't excuse his being a bully now . i think that th	line called good kind world kind world market kind school play feel school big	expand
27914	th c . this was to some degree down to the economic boom in the last decade ,  but more importantly the massive increase in demand from its major export markets ,  especially china trade tripled with china in the last decade . the price of some mining commodities may have sharply declined ,  but thats a far cry from a collapse . gold was hardly a major part of the boom . coal and iron ore exports were and are the biggies . what counts is the mining export market ;  which is cooling ,  rather than collapsing . chinas economic growth is still huge by most countries standards ! australian growth is similarly cooling ,  unemployment and govt debt rising ,  and the effects will be increasingly felt in the coming years . perhaps labor are better off out of government ,  if the downturn heads towards a recession ? looks like theyve been at it again . that said ,  if the current slow down continues or worsens ,  many of these mining companies could come a cropper . when business is booming ,  dodgy business plans ,  poor corpora	major price major part market growth growth years government current companies business business	expand
24501	something that abusive people exploit to the hilt . i think what you say about how progress can be made and then you feel you've gone back ,  or that you need more help ,  or a different kind of help is very true . we are works in progress . and no ,  don't forgive the abuser . i've been told more than once to do so ,  and i won't . people don't like it ? they don't know what it was like . what a lovely ,  insightful post ,  nicegirl . thank you for that . yes ,  i think mothers are often complicit in the abuse . i suffered terrible emotional abuse from my father ,  and my mother did nothing ,  nothing ,  nothing to stop it ,  even though it was going on right in front of her . she also made no bones about preferring male children ie my brother to me . she also did some very undermining things like trying to prevent me going to university  -  she thought teacher training as it then was or nursing to be more suitable . nothing against nurses or teachers ,  but i did have grade 's at o level when such grades were rare . there is a	people made back works people post made children things university training level	expand
23643	l changes this . the actions taken by the us to - date amount to containment ,  which is in no - way ,  inconsistent with the duties imposed on the unsc . palestine is no less an important issue ,  but it is not helped by the failure of the unsc . 'china has insisted that the un security council be involved in resolving the crisis'ohhh dear ,  china is only asking for un charter to be followedspecifically ,  its the un charter chi ,  art  .  and chvii art that requires unsc approval to authorise military intervention in another soveriegn countryart  .  . nothing contained in the present charter shall authorize the united nations to intervene in matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state or shall require the members to submit such matters to settlement under the present charter ;  but this principle shall not prejudice the application of enforcement measures under chapter vll . httpwww . un . orgendocumentscharterchapter . shtmlch vii article the security council shall de	date important issue security council involved art art present state members present security council	expand
22616	of artificial selection the monster crops and crippled farm animals of traditional agriculture ,  but meanwhile these monster organisms have had ample opportunity to evolve measures that counter the most damaging side effects of the genetic changes that underlied their direct responses to artificial selection for the desired traits . gmos should be tested for nanoand below - level toxicity ,  even toxicity that is demonstrable only after exposures lasting a full human life ,  since we eat food for a whole life and ,  e . g .  ,  dna repair is very different at low lesion incidences than at the high incidences used to get fast results by venallazyknow - nothingchoose one or more establishment toxicologists . gmos should be tested for nanoand below - level toxicity ,  even toxicity that is demonstrable only after exposures lasting a full human life ,  since we eat food for a whole lifeso how do you propose to do this ,  precisely ? force feed people gmos and then autopsy them after they die of old age ? and if th	side level full human life food life high results level full human life food people age	expand
967	patriarch athenagoras met in jerusalem  .  the next year  ,  in simultaneous ceremonies  ,  the two men undid the excommunications of that had set the schism in motion  .  historically  ,  there existed particular enmity between the catholic church and the russian orthodox church  .  russias anti - western sentiments can be traced back to the great schism  ,  when the east perceived the catholic church as trying to control it from afar  .  more recently  ,  the russian orthodox church has accused the catholic church of poaching converts in russia and ukraine  ,  core orthodox territory  .  the vatican and russia only established diplomatic ties in  .  even so  ,  this meeting took almost two years of diplomacy to organize  ,  a vatican official told the guardian  .  bitterness ran deep enough that the patriarch refused to meet in europe  ,  and other countries in latin america were too overwhelmingly catholic  .  hence the meeting taking place in havana  ,  which is thought to be a neutral spot for the two church	year set church church back great east church control church church meeting years meeting place church	expand
13278	usceptible to disease . it is hard to be an ethical person in a culture where everything and everyone has a monetary value . the badger protection act should have included provisions for culling . being britain's largest predator - animal the badger population has grown and will continue to grow unabated . many badgers appear as road kill . but culling should be scientific ,  proportionate ,  monitored ,  measured and reported so everyone can see the badger population is healthy and sustainable . the badger population has grown and will continue to grow unabatednow you want to bring back badger - bating ,  too ? many badgers appear as road killusually after the baiters have sated their bloodlust  . no . that is why i did not say  " are road kill "  . fair doi have it on good authority that in the absence of a cull ,  a lot of  " roadkill "  badgers have actually been shot and dumped on the road ,   which is why where i live in somerset most of them are on the side of the road ,   not in the middle .  .  . for anyone who r	person act included population continue road population population continue back road road good road live side road	expand
12276	u actually need ,  fried until verging on crispy .  a few slices of avocado .  grind of black pepper .  fry the other slice of bread in the bacon fat .  put it all together ,  cut the little tinker in half .  om nom nom nomfresh unsliced white bread is key ,  as is butter that has been left out of the fridge . i always go for four back bacon rashers cooked until slightly crisp around the edges . if unsmoked bacon ,  then brown sauce . if smoked bacon ,  then a smokey barbecue sauce makes a great complement . unsmoked bacon , fried with black pudding till crisp , warbies medium bread , coverered in utterly butterly .  .  .  .  .  . salt on the sarnie , eat one half then leave t'other for hours , then eat cold .  .  .  . black pudding on side of plate .  .  . yum yumsadly ,  in germany ,  where i live ,  despite the ubiquitous pork products ,  inexplcably ,  bacon is not available . and i miss it .  .  .  . step if possible find a good butcher  -  all else will follow from there . then decide if it's a bacon or breakfast sandwich .  .  . must have sauce not bothered abou	black put half key left back great black half black live find good	expand
12783	r  " post civil war "  states . the union vs the confederacy will always give the more accurate picture on the issue of civil right acts . nice catch ! i wonder how that changes the stats . like any society ,  the division in american politics evolved in time . any new leader has to fit into the political realities that he or she finds . in the 's the basic reality of american politics was rooted in the experience of the 's . the less economically advantaged tended to be democrats . but ,  that reality was complicated by the fact that the politics of the south were still rooted in the civil war . that meant a solid block of southern democrats who were not in tune with the rest of the party .  " once you ignore all the southern democrats who were the political bedrock of segregation ,  the democrats were really much more in favour of civil rights "  .  " once you ignore all the democrats who supported segregation ,  the democrats .  .  . uh .  .  .  didn't support segregation "  ? shocking insight . once i factor out all the people who	civil war give civil society time political experience south civil war political civil support people	expand
